Great customer service - 24/7. Wide variety of investment tools available - a must in ever changing market conditions.
When I opened this account everyone was helpful and eager to please but since I have tried reaching out several times for assistance and have yet to hear from anyone. Very Disappointing.  Please 86 the security questions....
Fidelity was forced upon me by my employer. I have the option of moving my money out of Fidelity but have decided to give Fidelity a chance for a few years to see how they compare. So far, I would judge Fidelity to be average. Access to real people has some pluses and minuses. The website is both easy and difficult to navigate. We\'ll see how things improve (or not) with time as I learn how to work with Fidelity. You are welcome to ask me again next year.
The rolling over of one of my 401k accounts to an IRA was seamless and paperless!
Typical Fidelity excellent customer service, results, ease of use, and overall value. The only negative is that I don\'t like paying 12b-1 fees.
Reps do not respond to inquiries. Each year, my tax forms are delayed further. This year it is sometime in March before Fidelity can produce what maybe will be an accurate 1099 form. They usually have to send corrections later so if you have filed, you will have to file an amended return. Poor business for such a large business as Fidelity.
had a telephone conference prescheduled to discuss how to invest monies from a recent rollover I received a e-mail confirmation from my Walnut Creek, Ca branch. No call was received and no attempt from Fidelity to reschedule or make amends have been received.
turn over went well. No problems encountered.. Very pleased.
The rollover from my company 401K to a Fidelity IRA when I retired, was easy to set up and easy to withdraw if a withdrawal is needed. The Customer Service Rep that helped me set up the account was very knowledgeable and courteous making it a smooth and simple transition.
I rolled over my 401K after changing jobs and am very happy with both the products available and the service.
Helpful staff both on the phone and in the center, The rollover when smoothly .
The search categories seem to broad. The mutual fund data is sometimes more than a quarter out of date.
process of transferring assets was easy and went smoothly. The site is easily navigated and therefore easy to use
The ease and convenience in using the website I really love. The information available in the research folder is awesome! I love having control over my IRA. Being able to make my own investing decisions are great! I only had to talk to customer service when I initially set up the account. Customer service was thorough and excellent.
We manage our own funds within our IRA and have found the web access very easy to use - wtih clear information and instructions. On the few occasions where we needed to contact a representative, we have found them to be very knowledgable and helpful.
Meets all my deferred savings needs with great choices of investments options.
Every thing is fine. Don\'t have a review. I like what I got.
It took some time to get everything in order. I think it is now complete.
Since I moved my 401K to an IRA the gentleman that assisted has been promoted. I am not sure who my working agent is so I can contact them for assistance when an if I need them.
This should be made very obvious to everyone, so that the investor can make the appropriate choices when needed.
Tried to get a face to face appointment. Once I finally did I was made to wait in one waiting room 20minutes before being moved to another waiting room for 15min before I got up and drove back to work. No respect for me or my time, no call to appologise. I asked the on line folks for the mangers name and was denied but told that they would contact him and I would hear from him, this never happened. I called again and this time got a managers name, I called him and never got a return call, waited a few weeks tried again ..nothing. Called the call center and they got him to return my call. He gave me a new rep to visit face to face and this guy made it difficult to get an appointment even for a phone call. I give up, will work with the call center, they are curtious and knowledgeable, If you want to actually see the local team take your business elsewhere.
Everything is Aok, dispite a current bearish market. Hopefully, 2015 will be more bullish.
Customer service department took the time to walk me through all of the functions I needed. They made me feel so important and welcomed me to call anytime. I can manage my account pretty well on my own but know that they are just a phone call away and friendly!  Navigating the website is easy. Thank you
great job at anticipating customer questions. answers were clear and free of financial guru jargon.
Not a peep from anyone @ Fidelity about what I should do with my money. Even when I asked when in your office in Delaware County Ohio. As tho since I didn\'t have a six figure fund I was a leper.
Especially liked the greater ability to control what funds I want to invest in.
Still difficult to shop for and find bonds to buy. Should be an easier way to get it done.
I am a bit disappointed with Fidelity in general. I am not very knowledgeable about my finances and have asked for someone to assist me several times with no response. The nearest office is an hour away. I am considering changing companies especially now with my employer cutting my hours has left me in a financial disaster. I am very disappointed with Fidelity.
I had my IRA money in two different places, so I decided to consolidate it and move it to Fidelity. I have dealt with Fidelity off and on over the years and have always enjoyed the experience. I do most of my financial activity online, so Fidelity\'s web site is very important to me. It is superb! I have no complaints and am 100% satisfied at this incipient point in time.
The Rollover IRA is an excellent tool that allows one to continue to grow capital on a tax deferred basis. Anyone can choose the products (e.g., stock and bond mutual funds, ETFs, individual stocks, bonds, etc.) that match their own risk/reward profile. There is also a strong support team available to answer any questions or give advice when necessary.
The rollover for us was in 3 steps. First, last year went smoothly as well as the second. The third will take place within the next 4 weeks and I expect the same result, which is fast and easy.
Functions as expected but have no expierence at other firms.
Pretty much hassle-free. Commission rate is wonderful.
It would be more convenient to me if there was an option on to see the annuallized percentage gain/loss of my individual holdings in addition too the existing &quot;gain since purchased&quot; info.
I can appreciate that Fidelity is in the business of making money, but I do think this particular item is a poor choice. The incremental cost surely is negligible to you, but would be of great value to your customers, and perhaps better engage them with your product.
Telephone service and counter service at local  office is excellent.
Need more active advising from Fidelity. I am not a money manager and I would like Fidelity to sometimes give me a hint if my funds should be re-arranged etc.
EXCELLENT PROGRAM - NEED MORE SEMINARS ON PERFORMANCE/TAXES/WILLS,ETC.
Wanted to transfer \'pre-tax\' contributions from former employer 401K plan with minima/no tax consequences. Advisor explained I could \'roll-over\' tax-free the earnings portion on pre-tax contributions to a roll-over IRA. All was very easy to understand and quickly accomplished
I have a severe hearing problem, so telephone conferencing is not good for me. Why is there not an office in fort Myers I can stop in at and discuss things on a one on one basis, without having to drive to Naples for such a conference!!!
The gentleman who helped me made the process easy to do.
Since then I have found the website and services very easy to use !
I don\'t know anything about investing and depend on Fidelity to take care of me. I haven\'t heard anything from my broker since I consolidated my accounts, but to be fair, I don\'t know what I would expect him to say since I had the same experience with my previous company.
I am secure with the choices that I have made with Fidelity.
The rollover went smooth. There are hoops to jump through mostly in the plan I was moving out of. You seemed to be able to handle them.
Very reliable and i can always depend on accuracy.
It was OK to use. Nothing great, but have nothing to really compare it to
I have IRA, brokerage account, credit account, and a Roth all in one convenient location. It is simple and has a great interface.
I\'ve never used fidelity until I found out I had money invested in it, so I find it is amazing I will let it be known
Very satisfied with the rollover IRA process. I felt I was well informed of my options prior to processing my rollover. Also had great contact thru out the process, making it less stressful for me.
The Rollover IRA gives me a way to select investments and allocate funds as I wish. Moving the funds between investments is easy. There are many many funds to choose from in meeting ones investment objectives.
Fidelity made it quick and easy to roll over my AT&amp;T pension to an IRA.
Great Service and Website! Great Service and Website!
I am very satisfied with the service i am given and the professional advise .   Thank You
Access to trade, review the status of, perform research for my IRA is exceptional. The trading pages are easy to use and trade execution is extremely fast.
When my company got acquired and I was faced with rolling my money over to another institution, I was unsure of what to do. I liked the service at Fidelity and after talking with the other institution about rolling my money into their 401K, I was not impressed. They were very basic and uncaring. I chose instead to roll my money into a Fidelity IRA. Not knowing what to do with it, I let it sit a while, then called Fidelity for advice. I was given options by some of the most patient and mild mannered people. I really appreciated their concern. I got the education I needed to make an informed decision about my money and feel good about it. Kudos!!
I opened my rollover IRA account with Fidelity for almost 6 months. So far I received excellent advice and support from my personal financial consultant. He has been very helpful and patient in answering my questions during our scheduled meetings. I also got my personal Retirement Analysis and Social Security Analysis and Strategy reports from him in a timely manner. I was with several other financial companies and Fidelitiy has provided me the best customer support.
The people at Fidelity have been extremely helpful and answered all my questions
always helps when I need it and they are easy to get hold of.
Solid Company for retirement and 401k solutions. Great Technology and easy to use.
This is what I don\'t like. I trade options.  It doesn\'t tell me when earnings will be easily.
I entered ira during worst market time the past 10 years
Trying to reach a representative takes 30\' of waiting on the phone.
Since rolling over my account from a 401k, I have had no contact with anyone from Fidelity. There appears to be no initiative on their part to evaluate performance and develop a plan.  I would not recommend Fidelity to anyone.
Fidelity Reps provided outstanding customer service and support during the rollover of my old 401K. They answered any questions and even checked my new employer 401K to ensure future transactions were possible.
My financial consultant has help me tremendously in managing my 401K rollover from my previous employers and consolidate all into great funds at Fidelity. Tools for helping in evaluating and planning my retirement have been great!  What can you ask more for this great service!
Fidelity has bent over backwards to help me rollover a pension buyout and an old 401k into an IRA. I have nothing but praise and appreciation for all the help I have received from their courteous staff.
Once walked through the ways to trade stocks and look up investment grade information, the process is very convenient. Access to recent research on companies and industry trends is also useful. The research compliments additional sources of investment and market information.
Everything was easy however it wasn\'t clear to me what the funds would be invested in.
The Fidelity rollover coordinator insured the process was convenient, quick and accurate. Applying net unrealized appreciation basis to company stock saved tax dollars.
Although the rollover took some coordination from the previous holder the transition was relatively painless
I have been very satisfied with my 401K Rollover, I gained the flexibility to trade securities, which Is what I wanted to achieve.
i have tried to move other money to fidelity but my agent or contact person well never respond back to me.he was suppose to call me back on a question i asked him on 12/17/14 and have not heard a word from him.
I like that I have more acces to my account and the help that is available for me when I have questions.
I found a poor response in getting basic guidance from the two different advisors that I contacted.  Extremely long follow up to calls and long waits for appointments to discuss my accounts.
I met with a Fidelity representative in their DC office and she was able to walk my through the steps that would be involved with my rollover. It was professional and the process was simple. Plenty of investment options for me to choose from.
Have had my rollover with FIdelity for almost 14 years. Started letting FIdelity manage investments of same, however in 2001 took over and self managed. While my trading level is modest I find the process of trading easy and economical. I also use FIdelity for automatic withdrawals and last of all I feel my portfolio is safe.
Ease of conversion from 401k to IRA was impressive. The flexibility of investment choices is great. User friendly transactions through my account are appreciated.
I have had accounts with Fidelity on/off for the last 25 years. They have come a long way from demanding a notarized statement just to get MY funds released. It has been wonderful to see the increased level of knowledge and assistance over the years
I like the support systems very much and have no suggestions for improvement.
Thanks!
I have a wide range of choices in funds and ETF\'s at very low costs. I also have the convenience of making transactions and analysis using the internet.
For the most part I am very happy with rolling over our IRA\'s and 401-ks to Fidelity.  I am extremely pleased with the customer service and the two account representatives we have had.  I have in the past in responding to surveys pointed out that I would love to have a report that would allow me to see what my dividend rate is for dividend stocks we have in our portfolio based on our acquisition costs and the current dividend (whether dividend is the same as when stock originally purchased, or whether the dividend has gone up or down since purchase.) Such a report would take a lot of tracking off my shoulders and would be invaluable to those of us who purchase dividend stocks. For example if a dividend is reduced the return could go from 10% to 7% based upon the original purchase price of the stock. But based upon the underlying strength of the company a 7% return still might be worth sticking with.  In any case this is the third time I have mentioned this with out any followup from Fidelity.  I however will take responsibility for not following up with customer service about this.  Over all this would not cause me to leave Fidelity.
MAKE IT EASIER TO RESEARCH DETAILS ABOUT LONG AGO STOCK EXECUTIONS:  UNLESS I DO NOT DO IT CORRECTLY.  I USE TRADE SEARCH FUNCTION AND IT DOESN\'T SHOW ME STOCK DETAILS OF WHAT I DID...
I trust the Fidelity programs and my IRA is my source of future money to live on
Just wanted to roll my money out of this account and you would not believe all the hoops I had to jump through to accomplish this, not to mention the pointless 50 minute phone call that simply wasted my time. Don\'t call and ask a customer service rep to help you because they clearly cannot, although they were polite. That is the best thing I have to say about the whole experience
Would like to see YTD rate of return updated daily.
Lost to follow-up. Trying too hard to get me switched into an account with fees
I have always been impressed with the customer service I have received when I have called with a question or issue. I have also been in the Braintree and Boston (Financial District) Offices and received excellent service there also.
Thanks for making this easy and simple to do. One simple discussion and the transaction was done.
Customer service is always great and the people are so nice to me each time call and has always had an answer to my question.
Could use some help regarding conversion to a Roth IRA.
I can say that the service is convenient. I can look at my account whenever I please. Customer service is very helpful in trying to answer questions and concerns. Offering information on other services is continual. Receiving e-mails on updates offered is excellent. Keeping in touch with customers increases confidence in the company.
I like all the stock and funds research information that you can obtain for free.
Would like a scheme say 50K managed but with inputs from customer.
I completed the paperwork for the transfer, which I was assured would go out that day. It did not. The next day I went in and talked to an officer, who assured me that it would go out the next day. Again, it did not. He had not followed through with calling the central wire transfering location to assure that everything would go through as required. This officer didn\'t even do me the courtesy of contacting me about the additional delay. He had a co-worker do that.
Your site is full of ifo but is a little cumbersome to navigate. I sometimes go to yahoo fin. just for convenience. You asked, so there it is.
I like the ease of transferring money into the account. I wish there was more guidance on what I should do with my money though. I had to pick and choose my own areas to invest and I would have liked a phone call to give some advise on where to invest.
Online guidance is very good but recommended changes are made without reason for recommendations. Would like to have some guidance as to why changes are being recommended before proceeding with plan.
Haven\'t had any issues myself but the Tampa office could use some senitiviity (sp) training. Not the lad at the reception desk but some of the back office types.
i very much like the convenience, the ability to look up a fund or stock and read about it as the market is happening, you guys put alot of work into research and provide the tools to work with
