Rollover was easy. But since then, have had no contact with advisor. I did have one in Seal Beach, CA. But he moved to Newport Beach, CA somewhere and he never notified me of the move or if he was still my advisor/agent. Not very professional.
Trying to get this set up and everything rolled into this account has been a nightmare.
What I don\'t like is not being able to see the true percentage gains or losses on my managed and my own managed accounts MINUS my withdrawls; meaning calculate my YTD petcentage gains or losses on the value of my picks, NOT, on the total sun dollar total in the account. I want to see my combined and your combined managed stock pick YTD percentages, mo., yearly, 3 yr., 5 yr., etc.
When my company ceased operations fidelity advisors help me and my wife roll-over our 401Ks into a Fidelity roll-over accounts. It was quick an easy.
Customer service is friendly, knowledgeable and able to answer all my questions this far.
It was very easy to take advantage of the Rollover IRA process and Fidelity has excellent knowledgeable representatives.
It was smooth transition from 401k to IRA rollover, with a Fidelity rep reaching out to me to initiate the discussion and eventual rollover. Excellent customer service, plenty of investment options, excellent funds and ETFs. The web interface is nice, but I wish there were more options on the positions tab. I like the Total gain/loss column and ability to sort via percentage, I just wish I could do the same with a YTD, 1YR and 3YR option. I wish this tab had more column options or the ability to edit, add/remove the columns I want or don\'t want.
Took a total of 15 minutes by phone. Outstanding customer support.
Managed well by the team. I have received excellent service
I received good service and advice at my 401K rollover. Both managers who were knowledgeable on Fidelity\'s service and fees.
The customer service is poor affecting the other areas as well.
Fidelity just helped me rollover my 401k and it took me 5 minutes! They walked me through everything and gave me all the info I need. They take care of the hardest part. Such a great experience!
Poor service...still has not resolved issues...no follow up
Was like pulling teeth to get it rolled over. I can invest it, but can\'t find any good help, so I am just letting it sit. As usual, service from Fidelity is very tedious.
Do love the web site though!
All good and its working for me, I can be as active as I choose or just let it ride.
I have had nothing but wonderful and professional experience! Would highly recommend too anyone!
I love dealing with Fidelity Investments they are very easy to understand.
Indepth knowledge of investment products is astounding. Very pleased.
We recently moved our retirement accounts to consolidate at Fidelity, and we couldn\'t be happier.
Great friendly service, great advice, as much personal control as one would want.
I am new to this (to date my first IRA) however I found the Fidelity representatives always helpful with clear and concise answers to my questions. 
Fidelity makes everything smooth for me. The convenience and customer service are excellent. I would definitely recommend them and have to others in the past.
Very easy to use, even for a novice like me. Which it was faster and more reliable but that probably has more to do with my cell phone.
I have always had courteous service...friendly and helpful...I was given good advice which included a complete explanation of process....good guidance when going into retirement, patient explanations in layman terms....so key for me because my knowledge base is rather limited, so it was so helpful to have procedures explained simply and completely.
consistent responsiveness to questions even if they are of a minor nature
Very satisfied with account from ease of site use to confidence in current funds.
My Fidelity representative did a good job by pointing out that the limited options in my former employer\'s 401(k) plan, though managed through Fidelity, were OK but not particularly great options. The one thing I wrestled with at that time over rolling into a Traditional IRA was the extra protection against creditors 401(k) offers. My representative pointed out that our family umbrella policy provided more that adequate protection, so I initiated the rollover which went smoothly.
When inquiring about my GM 401(k) account, I was advised that I had substantial after-tax contributions in my account. I was advised that I could roll them over to a Roth IRA if I also rolled-over the untaxed related earnings on all after-tax contributions. Therefore, I established a roll-over Roth IRA and a roll-over (tax-deferred) roll-over IRA. It was easy and quick with Fidelity.
Great help with the process of rollover of my IRA and also with the investment!!
The staff answers the phone and is very efficient at answering questions and transferring funds . They are very knowledgeable.
Easy to get and easy to use! All the information I need.
I have used Fidelity for my IRA since 1982been a. I now am located near a local office (Vero Beach FL) and find that to be a significant plus as I do get face to face professional care in addition to easy access to experts on the phone at any time. Fidelity has been an excellent service provider and as of earlier this year has been an account manager.
Everyone that I\'ve Worked with at Fidelity has been great to work with and very helpful!
I am not computer savy, so I am not too impressed with the web site. However, the service is excellent when I call or chat on line.
I like working with Fidelity. Everything is easy to find and review.
Not sure why this showed up for answering. All I know is what Fidelity tells/shows me per portfolio reports. Looks good but still just &quot;pie in the sky&quot; at this juncture of my life.
I was contacted by Fidelity when I left my previous employer. They suggested that I roll over my Fidelity 401k to a Fidelity IRA. I can\'t say for sure that it was the right or wrong thing to do however I can say that there are a lot of available choices and my IRA survived Brexit pretty well. The adviser assigned to me was very helpful although I haven\'t heard from them for a while.
the folks at Fidelity made the transition easy and understandable. Can\'t ask for more.
I rolled an early buyout pension into a Fidelity Rollover IRA. I couldn\'t be more pleased, with everything from the process of the rollover with the assistance from my Fidelity representative, to the variety of options in my investment portfolio. I have additional Fidelity accounts and am pleased with all of them, and particularly all of the tools that are offered to make me a more informed investor.
I am trying to process a rollover from my former employer\'s 401(k). When I go through Fidelity\'s Transfer of Assest, I am met with the following error:
System Error
I was a bit apprehensive when I needed to rollover my 401k but the Fidelity representatives have made the process amazingly simple. They gave been patient and helpful.
I also use Fidelity Active Trader Pro which I like very much except the account summary page in my regular Fidelity account is much better. Would it be possible to add or set-up this page in Fidelity Active Trader Pro?
Having had investment accounts and banking functions in separate institutions for my entire career, both have now been consolidated under the Fidelity umbrella. Fidelity\'s customer service, easy to navigate website, and its educational resources are all top-notch.
The rollover process was easy, the account has been managed well. I had to call a few times to ensure that the account didn\'t stay in a &quot;cash&quot; status and was actually invested into an account, but everyone was nice when I called.
The representative was helpful, considerate, and explained all the information thoroughly . and gave us information and options .We were asked our needs in handling investment and worked with us to reach our goals.
Fidelity needs to upgrade their scheduler. The scheduler needs to be able to know days of the week. Example: deposit my IRA dividends to my checking acct on the 2nd Wednesday. Currently the Fidelity scheduler can only use numeric calender days, example the 10th ( which may fall on a weekend ).
user friendly, easy process, customer service are good.
Your staff needs training. I signed up after seeing &quot;matching&quot; promo online. I discussed the promo with 3-4 Fidelity staff members and when it was time to get the match funds, I was told the offer had expired. Even though, the offer was still on the Fidelity website. When I questioned it, I was told I was not eligible. My eligibility should have been verified by Fidelity when I funded the account. I specifically asked each person I talked to about the promo. It was not very professional.
I love all of the investment options that the rollover provides. The website is easily navigable and very easy to manage.
Not being a super savvy to financial trends I like the ease of talking to customer service, having changes made and the ease of the whole process. I can log into account and check all transactions - again easy to use.
i am happy with my service. Customer service has been very helpful.
As a novice, I have received appropriate timelines information from the customer relations of the Fidelity.
I understand my IRA isn\'t very large but it is important to my retirement. Since depositing my check I have received zero followup. No one has offered any sort if investment advice. Instead, I get far too many emails promoting online services and webinars. I will be moving my small investment to another firm after the new year.
reliable but i still like to get my statements in the mail because it is easy for me to keep not a compuuter person but trying to get better at it
I can\'t enter contingency/conditional trades before the market opens.
Everything works really well compared to my experience with competitors. Fidelity has great visual tools and dashboards, and clicking on various tabs produces wonderful stock or bond analyses. Love the secure feeling I get from using VIP Access (the phone authentication process) and it\'s very easy to use. Whenever I talk to my account manager or someone in Customer Support, I feel I get excellent advice, am not rushed and am confident that I can execute my investments properly.
I recently transferred back a fair amount of money to Fidelity but did not receive excellent customer service so I\'m debating whether I want to keep my money here. Had to make too many phone calls and some did not return my calls
I love Fidelity its easy to make any changes to my account
My retirement has been very good with the company. Good customer service and ready information available for you. Any thing you need to know they are knowledgeable and willing to listen.
I was disappointed I tried to switch between accounts to make changes is another account and made a purchase in the wrong account
The Fidelity website is among the least user-friendly and attractive that I have interacted with in the financial services industry. You don\'t want to spend time on it and getting information or making investment changes is just a pain.
Excellent service answers question would recommend services
Fidelity Investment is a very good investment company for me; people are so helpful and service is very prompt.
With Fidelity consultant\'s help, rollover my 401K to IRA is smoother and easier than I expected. The consultant explained the rollover procedure so well, it made me felt comfortable.
The help and advice I have received from Fidelity has always been top notch. The people are always very friendly and explain information to me that I may not understand
As of this date I have no issues with the company, Its simple to use, quick and clear. If I have any questions the staff is ready to help.
I am very satisfied with my Fidelity Accounts. I look forward to a bright future with Fidelity.
The transfer of her 401K account to the new Rollover IRA and maintaining the portfolio was extremely easy.
When accessing this site it is very reliable . Also if help is needed you many options to go to.
Easy to start with numerous choices of stocks and funds. Customer service was helpful in guiding my decision.
Using Fidelity for my IRA has been a low cost way of taking care of my IRA. The trading fees are reasonable, the research tools good and the customer service excellent. Most notable, being able to call and talk to someone about any aspect of the services is very well appreciated by me.
I enjoy being able to find everything I need in one succinct portfolio. It is easy to keep track of my money and tell how well it is or isn\'t performing for me.
I have had my IRA with Fidelity for less than 1 year. I had a tax-deferred annuity and rolled it into the Fidelity IRA as I was unable to fully understand it. My IRA is similar to my 401(k) but with more options.
All my previous calls have been handled professionally, as I would expect from an excellent investment company
Great Expectations, something that seems to be lacking from most companies anymore, but I have been very satisfied with Fidelity. I had my 401K with them, and they have met my expectations, and I decided to roll the 401K into an IRA with Fidelity.
I prefer to self manage and make my own investment decisions.
Simple, straightforward, good investment options, nice website, great customer service, what more can you ask for? Rolled over from my workplace 401k.
easy to set up. Everyone was extremely helpful. Great experience
My 401K was managed by Fidelity. I retired in 2008 and rolled over my 401 to a traditional IRA with Fidelity. I also had IRA\'s outside of my 401 as well as taxable accounts. Fidelity has been part of my financial life for many years. With rare exception, I have never had an issue with the account executive or Fidelity in general. In fact, they have been very helpful when I have to rearrange investments and guide me through it as needed. The account executive is not a financial advisor in the traditional sense but provides a huge service in discussing options.
I needed a place to put 401K funds that my former company have moved from Fidelity to a poorer-performing company. I met with a local representative who walked me through the process or creating a Rollover IRA account, and then transferring the funds. There are plenty of investment choices, and I selected a fund keyed to my estimated retirement date. Very cost-effective and easy.
I have multiple accounts and when calling in for questions, the agent was so helpful. She never once sighed or complained about all the questions. She was a pleasure to work with and made my day.
5 Star rating!! Excellent stock brokers there with Fidelity!
I have 2 IRAs with Fidelity that are self-directed. I chose the positions to invest in. Although I have an account manager, I only speak with him when I initiate the call. For my part, I can have such an arrangement with any investment house, so Fidelity offers nothing more.
On website doesn\'t really offer a lot of information and how to invest in other commodities.
A great choice!
I AM ABLE TO VIEW MY INFORMATION WITH EASY ACCESS AND NO PROBLEMS. IT IS A SECURE SITE AND VERY RELIABLE. I LIKE THAT THE INFORMATION IS EASY TO NAVIGATE THROUGH AND EASY TO UNDERSTAND. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH HAVING MY IRA WITH FIDELITY.
make it easier to find stocks and bonds held by the fund
Easy to contact if I need assistance with anything or have questions. Very friendly. Website easy to use &amp; understand.
Website is hard to navigate, poorly designed. While some good tools available, the trading tools are horrible.
Had a great experience rolling my IRA over to Fidelity. Their expert team made the entire process very easy and seamless. I would recommend Fidelity, for ALL products, to anyone and everyone. Thank you, Fidelity!
the best customer service ever. Never had a hassle and good recommendations
Helpfull with ways to accomplish your goals, withoutt pushing choices on you.
When my company was bought out I attempted to roll-over my 401K into a Fidelity IRA, hoping to keep my investments the same with the new account. I did not know the term &quot;in kind&quot; at the time and was not offered that. My customer service rep had never done this type transaction before and cashed my whole account out. Very disappointed I was not informed of my options during the transaction. I should have hung up and called back for a more experienced advisor when she had to put me on hold for instructions herself.
Fidelity has not disappointed me. Service and the results met my expectations from day one of being contacted by my representative.
had customer service help with the rollover. All went well. Later Fidelity even contacted me once they saw my investment stratagy and invested in a few better options for me. However the functions for balancing and removing funds was had to work with and required lots of math. They said they were working on changes and something may have happened in October, but I have not had a chance to review yet. The GM 401K netbenefits was easier to work with.
Rolled over my funds to the IRA to cover my 401. Have received nothing but good information , and customer service. Wish my current employer used Fidelity.
I love my Fidelity Rollover IRA as it is well presented and easy to use and make transactions. It has all the features that I need to see results, performances and changes that I have made. It works really well for me.
Do you sell the names of your investors. Since moving my accounts, brokerage account have been calling me CONSTANTLY!
I\'ve used Fidelity for well over 20 years. They can be reached 24/7 for most questions. The website is regularly improved. I find Fidelity representatives extremely easy to work with, and accommodating. However, if you\'re looking for a portfolio manager to make decisions for you on what to buy/sell, that is not what they do (unless you pay for an actively managed account).Fidelity gives you every resource you could possibly need to research and make your own decisions.
I continue to tell Fidelity that I do NOT want to have them manage my funds but constantly get calls.
I have moved all my IRA and Roth IRA to a competitor. The trading platform and customer service is not in the same league as competitor platforms. When I wanted to make a trade in my Fidelity account I would go to a competitor\'s platform to determine the market price for a position before entering the order in Fidelity.
Too soon to have formed an opinion..Last investment firm was awful this one seems a lot better and easier to use,,Very happy so far
The transition for my retirement accounts from my employer to my rollover IRA couldn\'t have been easier. The assistance and advice for consolidating my accounts was excellent and the brokerage website and options for investing couldn\'t be better. I am 100% pleased with the services Fidelity offers.
Good summary of positions.
I just went thru the new layout and it is great. It tells me more in a much easier format. Very easy to find things. You and the team have done an outstanding job in making the updates that we have now.
The site is easy to use. I like all of the research options. The roll over I did on the phone was really easy to do. They helped me roll over an even older 401K into my new IRA. Fidelity made the process really easy.
Rollover went smooth and quick ...no problems! Would recommend.
Fidelity made it easy to roll over. Though it is annoying to get flagged for updating the financial advisory all the time.
The rep made it very easy for me to rely on Fidelity to keep distribution in a orderly and timely way.
I had been with Fidelity for 401-K, just rolled it over, easy to do.
I associated Fidelity with my first job in 1990.Ups &amp; down, able to expand the investment as fianancially accomodeted. Now in retirement, looking for Generation-wealth building.
I have been with other investment company ,finally I came to you and find out you are the best. Keep up the way you are doing.
Over the years my tax deferred accounts have been a bullwark for my finances since my early retirement 19 years ago. Thank you very much
I have been happy with fidelity as a secure and reliable investment facility and have been using your company for many years, and at this point will continue to do so.
It gives you every available option there is to manage your account
I have been very pleased with my self-directed rollover IRA at Fidelity. I met with my investor center advisor to discuss my plan for a diversified fund selection, and he was supportive and had good insights when it came to slelecting between different funds in one of my targeted categories. I enjoyed using Fidelity\'s online analytical tools as I was exploring fund options for my targeted categories. Performance and service are what brings me back to Fidelity; I have invested with them since I entered college in the \'70\'s!
Have no issues with this IRA rollover account. Fidelity provides good &quot;food&quot; for thought and on a timely basis
I am mostly satisfied with the IRA and information provided. However, I would like to see a running rate of return or a quarterly rate of return displayed online for my holdings.
Everything is excellent except I\'ve never talked face to face with a Fidelity employee. As I get older, I\'m less sure of my self and value face to face more.
I went into a Fidelity office to transfer an IRA account I held with another investment group to Fidelity. The clerk who greeted me asked me to fill out a qualification form. I explained to him that I already had an account and all I wanted to do was roll over the account into my existing Fidelity account. He refused to perform the action without me filling out the form. I looked at the form and it was asking for a lot of personal information including my current employer, my income, my net worth, and all of my financial holdings. I asked to see the manager. I explained to the manager that this detailed financial information was none of Fidelity\'s business, and all I wanted to do was roll over some existing money into Fidelity. He refused to perform the action without me filing out the form, so I left.
Fidelity personnel were professional and concise concerning the roll-over process.
You have &quot;Piece of Mind&quot; when you trade here , Fidelity has the resources to research your choice, to help you decide how to move forward to meet your goal
I like the rollover ira just fine. It does exactly what I want it to do.
I would have preferred to receive some proactive investment advice. I always get referred to the website, which I find to be overwhelming.
I\'m glad I finally rolled my old 401K over to the Fidelity IRA. I have more direct control of the funds, and many more investment choices. The Fidelity research is very helpful. Fees are very reasonable.
Fidelity is our life line. 30% of our money comes from our Fidelity account and the rest social security.
I don\'t seem to get any service from of for my Rollover IRA.
I am very pleased with the website, which is the only way I\'ve handled the Fidelty account. I can do changes, trades, and planning with very good supportive and secure web design and options.
Less than a month ago I retired (airline career) and contacted Fidelity about three months ago. They were very informative at that time and directed me to contact them when I actually retired. I have now reconnected this week over the phone and to speak with someone in person at a local Fidelity office. The two persons helping me were extremely informative and supportive, giving me choices with clear explanation and reassurance about options and allocations. I chose a rollover IRA and I will have future help from Fidelity regarding a buyout payment from my former employer. Again, I have full confidence that any and all questions have been and will be answered with future choices. Thanks Fidelity.
I recently rolled over my 401k into a IRA and the costumer service representative i dealt with was Michael K. he was very friendly and positive and helped me with everything from start to finish i was completely satisfied with his service and would recommend him to anybody in need of services through fidelity thank you for all of you help Mike.
I was very impressed at the ease of transferring my 401(k) into a Traditional IRA this last year. I would recommend Fidelity to anyone...
Was told I must take RMD since I am 73 yrs old. Not if you are still employeed. Bad info.
Very straight forward to create Traditional IRA including beneficiary designation. Took about 20 minutes.
First: You cannot do this on your own; you must call and request a form that they will mail or charge you $20 for express mail.
Third, if consent from a spouse is needed, you need that signed and a notary public to stamp. Yes, it\'s officially not 2013 anymore, we\'ve regressed that far.
Fourth, they will put a short-term expiry on the distribution request. So now try and get spouse to sign in front of a notary in a short window and do that with 2 kids and both parents working and still waiting for form to arrive eats into that time.
My relationship account representive is very knowledgeable and knows my objectives. She reviews my allocation with those objctives in mind and keeps me on track. The volatility of the market urges me to be over-racting and she keeps me grounded on the goal.
I am happy with my rollovers, but was not aware that if you roll them over, you can\'t take early withdrawals at age 55 without penalties. If money is left in 401K, you can.
Overall I am quite satisfied with Fidelity. Your transactions are executed with excellent speed &amp; statements are always accurate. I remember 1970: when we would sit in the brokerage office and watch the ticker tape, and place buy &amp; sell orders by phone. Back then we sometimes took possession of the stock certificates. The times &amp; processes have changed so much since, to the benefit of both institutions &amp; small investors
All of the important pieces are there. My biggest objection is the rounding errors caused by limiting amounts to three places after the decimal instead of four. I don\'t feel comfortable when the numbers don\'t add up the way they should.
It serves my purpose, without a lot of pushy marketing of products.
I really like the access to research tools and ideas. The website is very easy to navigate and trade costs are great.
I have no complaints and no suggestions so, please just continue as is.
I love all of the info that is on the Fidelity site. However, I would like to see more videos for us not so bright investors that don\'t really know what we are doing! Even though most of us try to make educated decisions a video for me is much more user friendly. If you would bring back classes into your local branches that would help as well.
When I first rolled my account over, my Fidelity rep was excellent in helping me with all the processes and forms, not only required by Fidelity, but also from my roll-from account, another large institution. He continued to help me through some investment choices, always being there to help, never pushing. I highly recommend Fidelity for their service-oriented culture. As a Customer Service executive myself, I set high standards and don\'t easily give such high marks! As for value, I have only been a customer for 1+ year. Too soon to evaluate.
Yesterday I wanted to move money from my Fidelity IRA to a Fidelity Time Warner 401k, a procedure I have done before. I was told that a form would be mailed to me in 1 week to 10 days, then after I had mailed the form back, I would be mailed a check which I would then mail to TW. The procedure would take several weeks, evidently.
The staff at Fidelity made the process of my rollover very easy. They were so helpful and kept me informed along the way.
The Fidelity rollover IRA is a good place to place for me to place the money from an old 401K plan. It offers me lots of investment choices including a good number of both Fidelity and non-Fidelity mutual funds or the ability to invest in individual stocks if I choose. This gives me plenty of options to suit my investment style.
From day one with the professional help I reieved at Fidelity in order to avoid any legal tax problems to the smooth transition to my current stage of MRD. The tools available for balancing my account as I have moved along the age spectrum have all been first class. I have recomended to family and friends that they could not beat the Rollover Services supplied by Fidelity.
Excellent website with multiple investing tools, good selection of mutual funds to choose from, very good customer support when needed
I like the occasional contacts with the people in King of Prussia, seminars, info over the web, personal calls.
Works for me - I would like the option to fund earlier in the year. Because I keep cash waiting to move to the other account and then invest. So the forced distribution at owners election date would be good.
I was impressed with the comprehensive retirement planning tools the website has. The account executive we have is real knowledgeable about the retirement planning process and drove down to a very low level of detail. Your location of offices is close to our home and that is very much appreciated. Very satisfied with overall product and customer service.
Account (one of several) was moved to Fidelity from a competitor who was not providing services I desired. Account was moved easily and I am very pleased with the service Fidelity provides. I expect my relationship with Fidelity to continue for a long time.
Very user friendly. buy/sell easy though I don\'t do often. Buy and sell mutual funds(some non-Fidelity), stocks and ETFs..
Outstanding customer service. Returns are up to individual risk. Overall, great people to deal with.
Keep you costs low and offer all financial options.
I am very satisfied with the IRA at Fidelity. I have plenty of investment options and the support of helpful associates to make sound decisions.
I utilize internet for most matters regardung my accounr, but do appreciate mailed monthly statements and hope the are not discontinued.
fine other than not being able to trade spreads. Dont see why it is limited.
I like the easy access from website and good support from executive account team
I need to involve my team at Fidelity more than I do now to achieve investments which involve energy and other emerging markets
Fidelity representative has provided detailed, timely information and met all timing obligations. His personality and professionalism make it easy to conduct business. The customer service team has been there to answer special questions regarding both the rollover and adding additional monies currently held at other locations. The rollover process was conducted seamlessly.
My conversion from the GM 401k to a Fidelity was good in that it provided more options. It was not so good in that I was cashed out from the preferred money market account and the institutional class of GM offerings. The Fidelity people have been very good and responsive.
I have enjoyed my relationship with Fidelity for over 15 years total. I find the customer service to be excellent, knowledgeable people who are empowered to perform their duties or have the ability to immediately connect with the right person to get any transaction completed. I have enjoyed and benefitted from my meetings with our account reps over the years and try to meet in person at least twice per year. Again, very informed people with timely, helpful suggestions.
My Fidelity Rollover Account has many outstanding features that make it easy to manage and trade positions.
I need more communication with a live person. Got a couple calls in the beginnig and played voice mail tag.
Fidelity deposited my rollover check into the wrong account. After it was brought to their attention, they did an excellent job of correcting the error and following up.
I like the fact that I can easily talk to someone personally. Your staff are knowledgeable and professional always.
I am at a value and experience level that I am still looking for the sharp talented investment advisor who can truly help and support me in my financial journey. So far all I have found are individuals offering some type of anemic canned program at a yearly cost of 1 to 2% of my asset value. No value there. Fidelity provides the systems and the tools to allow me to manage my investments at my pace.
Your company is probably the best on the market including all lines of business. Your employees are the best and knowledgeable. No problems on my part which goes back to 1980.
I like the online accessibility with my IRA, it\'s easy to access and understand. However, I do not have access to performance calculators (ie YTD, MTD, date range). I messaged a rep and they said it\'s only available to basically high net worth clients, which I\'m aware since I work for a wealth manager. I\'m able to see it in my 401K which is custodied by Fidelity\'s Net Benefits, but I would really like to see it in my regular IRA\'s as well. Can Fidelity make that happen for it\'s everyday average Joe clients as well?
rolling my IRA into a Fidelity account a number of years ago was easy and allowed me to invest it however I chose
Why is it that you can not offer a % reallocation scheme when we want to exchange funds in our IRA accounts. Your annuities offer it. Granted, they have a limited choice of funds available but, with computer systems and databases, that should not be an issue at all. As opposed to sell some $ amount and then distribute the amount across other or existing funds you want, offering % reallocation could be much more convenient.
I have been managing my account online and find the research tools easy to use. I have met with an adivisor in our local office and find him to be professional and helpful.
The reason I moved my investments was to gain greater personal control and flexibility. My company\'s 401K was rather limiting in selection and my self-directed IRA had the mutual funds that I desired.
cost seem low, info and guidance is great, and overall i\'m very satisfied
I interact with my fidelity advisor at least every 3-6 months to discuss my present investments and possible alternate directions. We also discuss the above as related to the federal and economic expected directions so as to optimize my portfolio.
We expected more than adequate service from Fidelity and they have reached our expectations. Contact has always been quick and questions handled courteously and competently. We will continue our association with Fidelity in the future.
I have had an Fidelity IRA for years and have had excellent service. I would like to go back to the original way of tracking position costs for mutual funds. Including dividends and interest as part of the cost in a tax free account does not reflect my true cost to judge performance. Other than that, this has been an excellent account.
As in other years,this years minimum required distribution was handled with minimum inconvenience to me.
All services provided to me were excellent. I don\'t have any improvement comment. Thank you and keep up with the good work.
Following regarding my IRA Account: Greatly appreciate receiving a mailed statement for each distribution that was sent directly to various charities, at my direction. Also, appreciate having a &quot;brick &amp; mortar&quot; location near me. Would like to have available a summary of distributions on 1 page of each distribution and who it was distributed to, by date during that year. Appreciate the availability of Investment Research information.
I am exceptionally pleased with Fidelity\'s services. I recently changed account representatives and felt my former rep was much more responsive and involved in my account
I like that I have the freedom to review, change, buy, sell as I wish, but when I need help, a customer representative is always available. They are always very courteous and talk at a level that even the novilice understands.
Fidelity provides a great service. My account is easy to access and easy to make changes. The statements straightforward and easy to understand. There are many added features.
NO ONE THERE KNOWS WHAT THEY ARE DOING. AS SOON AS THINGS ARE SETTLED I AM MOVING ALL MY FUNDS TO ANOTHER COMPANY. LOST PAPERS, NO COMMUNICATION, HOLD TIME ON THE PHONE. I DON\'T HAVE ONE GOOD THING TO SAY ABOUT FIDELITY...
I\'d left some money in the 401K at my old job in Pensacola-- Fidelity representatives walked me through the process of lumping back into my present IRA... they made it real simple, sent me the forms and in about a week it was a done deal.
Our Fidelity Account Executive handled the entire conversion of a 403B to an IRA. She contacted the Fidelity central location for such conversions, our information was exchanged over the phone with the representative, and the transaction was completed in her office. It could not have been more convenient.
I find that my rollover IRA managed by Fidelity is secure and I can obtain information at any time related to my accounts. I trust the information regarding stocks that Fidelity gives me. All of my money is still in the tax deferred status.
Fidelity website is easy to use, has real-time updates, easy to make trades at a good price. Moble app works well to keep me aware of changes in the market. Great tools to help me keep up with the changing markets.
I would like to give a portion of my equity for you all to manage but with inputs from me.
However you want total control.
very hard to navigate and advisers are not very knoweledgeable about any products.
I opened a Fidelity Rollover IRA specifically to transfer requirement monies from a previous employer to then be used to purchase a home. Prior to my beginning this three part transaction, I contacted Fidelity to determine the number of days and other requirements to complete the transactions. The close date for my home purchase was set based on this prediction.
When I went to have funds wiretransferred to the escroe company, I was told that the office would be open on Christmas Eve. I asked specifically and was assured that it would be open. It was not. This delayed me several days until the office reopened.
Fidelity needs to be more professional, and followthrough on customer requests.
Always helpful when I call. Easy to deal with.
i am very happy with fidelity. you have been very helpful with any issue\'s i have had.
Trades are expensive and the software is not the best. I will likely be switching to a lower cost brokerage. Also the interface isn\'t intuitive. Switching windows is a pain and it\'s not clear where things are. Again I\'ll probably be switching soon.
Communication lacking. You send me emails but I cannot email acct mgr to set up mtg or phone call. Actually communication score is 2 of 5..
My overall experience with Fidelity is disappointing. First, the rollover of my 401K in 2011 from my last employer went reasonably well. Fidelity reps were very interested in assisting and promised reimbursement if I would use overnight transfer. This reimbursement did not occur even though I inquired about it several times. Then, I suppose due to the amount in my account, Fidelity assigned a Premium Services rep. I then received numerous and frequent phone calls and emails pressuring me to invest in equities and bonds. When my husband and I decided to move this account because Fidelity money market funds are not insured, we met resistance. I understand followup to find out why an investor would leave, however we did not expect delay tactics. After speaking with Fidelity reps, the transfer form we received was incorrect. Then, we executed a signature guarantee transfer request, this too was denied, directly to our receiving financial institution. Only after more phone calls to Fidelity and a Letter of Acceptance from our financial institution was my IRA transfer effected. Then, it appears that a $50 charge was applied. My husband still has his account for Fidelity for the time being, however, we expected better treatment than this. Deloris Jacobs.
I like the easy to use research and analysis features.
This is new to me, so I didn\'t know what to expect. So far, my experience has been excellent as far as the service I was given going in, and now the management ability I have online.
The convenience and website functions make up for it.
I use several trading platforms. I find that Fidelity provides better and more intuitive asset comparisons that the other platforms. There are a few things that could be improved, of course, but overall a good platform. I have also been impressed with Fidelity portfolio planning tools.
Generally everything went OK, Rolling over a 401K plan with Fidelity to an IRA (also with Fidelity). Rolling over a plan from one institution to another will take at least few days and often requires liquidating the assets of the original plan even between similar plans. At times of high market volatility, there is a risk element for those long term investors. Furthermore, investment vehicles in the original plan are not necessarily offered in the roll over plan (even within the same institution). Rolling over within the same institution should mitigate those risk factors. My experience with this particular roll over was mixed. I still had to liquidate practically all my assets going from the 401K plan to the IRA, even investments in Fidelity own Mutual Funds (and for good reasons). But because the roll over was partically overnight, the risk was kept at a minumum.
Overall, good, but lacks a YTD summary, the way other Fidelity accounts have.
It\'s easy to use. Loads quickly and is easy to navigate!
Ease of transfer is very good. I\'d like to have an agent call me to discuss the products that I can invest my IRA. My IRA is currently sitting idle and I need to invest it.
Everyone was very helpful to me that made this transaction so easy. I am proud to part of Fidelity.
Everything has been fine with Fidelity. Especially appreciate the main website and how I can easily find everything about my account status. Thanks, Jennifer
Like Fidelity for its low costs which is a must for me as a investor. Good managers on most funds. But I miss the INVESTORS QUARTERLY that we use to get, had many interesting articles in it. Can we get it back?
I find the UI for Fidelity.com to be somewhat cumbersome and confusing, and the menu selections unintuitive.
Cust service is as good as it has to be.
If you have an account in excess of 250,000 active trader pro should be part of the package.
I\'ve had a Rollover IRA with Fidelity for over 10 years. Their reps have always been courteous and helpful. Excellent service and I have no complaints.
no problems. no problems. no problems. no problems
This has completely satisfied my needs in handling my Rollover IRA.
I LIKE THE IDEA OF HAVING ACCESS TO MY MONEY WHEN I WANT IT, YET KNOWING IT IS STILL WORKING AND IS SAFE.BEING ABLE TO GET TO MY MONEY IN A DAY OR TWO IS A GREAT CONVIENCE FOR ME.
I have several IRA\'s, and my Fidelity IRA is by far the most informative, and easy to read of the whole group. I can not only tell what changes occur on a daily basis, but I can keep track of the longer term progress, all on one easy to read page. Keep up the good work.
I have been with Fidelity for over 30 years. Although I have two other brokerage accounts. My Fidelity account is my favorite.
Online or in person, Fidelity has been good to deal with.
I needed to rollover my old 401k before moving across country. fidelity made the whole process quick and easy. I was able to have all my questions answered and had my paperwork confirming everything was set in no time. I receive emails that are both updates and informative as well. I would highly recommend Fidelity.
managing and reviewing portfolio is quick and trades are performed in a timely fashion. Costs are low. Information is readily available and the support team is more than willing to help when asked.
Fidelity Rocks and is user friendly since setting up an account can be intimidating.
overall I have been very pleased with the ease of use and ability to place orders. Since this is a self directed account, Customer Service has really not been an issue, but knowing that my questions will be answered promptly was most helpful
Customer support personnel made the process easy and painless.
Fidelity has been outstanding - from the personalized service in completing the rollover to the wide selection of investment choices available. Tremendous website with all the information I need to make informative decisions re: my investments.
Received some recent help by the on campus rep at UT Tyler. He was quick, efficient and tablet &quot;ready.&quot; I had rolled over some $$ and not invested it last year to make it a little more &quot;accessible.&quot; UT tyler rep reinvested it for me and I\'m making money on it once again. Thanks!
Kyle was my rep. What a great help and person. He has made my experience excellant
I had my money at another investment co. the mix of investments and overall experience was just not beneficial! I choose Fidelity and I feel and see the benefits in less than a year!
Have used the mobile app, online services and phone reps and am very pleased with my experience across the board.
As an early retiree, this is my first &quot;reinforcement&quot; I can access in an unfettered manner in 5 years from now. I look forward to its being there for me then.
Nice to have the guidance of capable professionals
My wife and I have Fidelity managed retirement accounts with which we are very pleased. I just met with our financial advisor, Ryan, who has been enormously helpful by offering carefully considered expert guidance that\'s always tailored to our needs. 
Our experience with Fidelity has been first-rate.
Very helpful when choosing. Very knowledgeable. Thanks
would like the &quot;positions profile&quot;to show annualized income for each stock or bond or mutual fund and a total for the entire IRA account
I made a decision to roll over my 401K. It was quick and simple process. Now I have many other investment choices. In addition, I have turn my account over to the investment professionals.
Incompetency and frustration. Couldn\'t get a simple form sent from your office as the IRA custodian to TRS in Austin. They required the form that I walked into your office to be sent in to rollover beneficiary funds as an inherited IRA. Since the form had to be notarized and signed, I was told that it had to be sent to a back office to be done. I physically came into the office in Plano on March 22 to get this done and as of today, still got the runaround about the form had still not been sent. Called 4/17 because TRS had not received the said form &amp; 4/24 and today 5/3. When I called on 4/24, the guy ASSURED me that it would be done that day. Over a month and the form couldn\'t get from Dallas to Austin? Very disappointed so I closed out everything. Thanks for nothing. Awful service, blatant incompetency...I don\'t understand what was so difficult.
It has been 5 months after rolled the 401k over to IRA I had not been able to make investment decisions. I was not comfortable with the plan suggested by Fidelity because of lack of analysis and understanding of the market. Hence, my IRA is still idle in cash. I have to wait when I have time to study the market. Unfortunately, I am busy on other things I don\'t know when I will be able to make investment decisions.
Representative was helpful in getting my money put into the IRA, then was supposed to call me back to choose how best to invest my money...But he never did call.
When I deposited my funds last December, I was referred to a highly recommended analyst. I left a message but never got a call back. I have not had any subsequent contact by anyone from Fidelity. Since Fidelity has done nothing thus far, I have no basis to recommend them.
Rolling over my former IRA account into my existing Fidelity account offered me more confidence and security than the previous portfolio. Gives me piece of mind.
After years of unease getting the support from fidelity to sort out my retirement savings was exactly what i needed! The ease of use, the accessibility, and their willingness to spend time explaining made setting the account up and getting a good overview a breeze.
I find the Fidelity support to be average. I believe it takes longer than I would expect for trades to take place and clear.
Great investment and secure feel that Fidelity has done well for me.
Convenient and simple and I\'ve never had a problem with the several rollovers that I\'ve executed. But the process could be better if information about the status of the rollover was made available somewhere quickly. There are several days that pass where everything appears to be in limbo. No info available. But in reality the process is in some status, somewhere, and the customer should be able to see it.
I think the customer service is good and convenient.
I was happy with Fidelity until today, you are allowed access electronically to your accounts at no charge. You have options to link your bank accounts to your account, but if it is not on a list that Fidelity possesses even though you have the routing numbers and account numbers, it is not allowed without having to call customer service and then getting a document sent to you that you now have to travel to get your bank to fill out and mail back in. Sorry but that is useless, inconvenient and sucks in the customer service side of your operation
Fidelity has always been very responsive to my needs. My questions are answered on a timely basis,
The Fidelity Team is great - very helpful and professional.  Thank You
I appreciated Fidelity\'s proactive service after retirement while my 401k was still in place. I was contacted by a Retirement Relationship Manager, who provided guidance on rolling over my account to an IRA. After a few follow-up discussions prior to setting up the IRA account, she introduced me to a Financial Advisor to discuss investment objectives, risk tolerance, etc. Fidelity has an excellent fund evaluation tool, and provides complementary Financial Advisory service for self-directed investors. In my opinion, one of the best tools is the Monte Carlo analysis (stress test) to determine if re-balancing is needed to support the desired lifestyle,
Our CFP was very thorough with the whole process. And explained every thing you ever wanted to know about an IRA
I have received excellent advice and guidance through my local fidelity representative. He has helped me to understand risk and to appropriately divide my IRA between different funds.
Overall satisfied and had good service from representative. Would like to have order history, be able to see orders place over past 2-4 weeks. Also don\'t like that previous day\'s mutual fund account value changes show up and are mixed in with current days changes.
Customer representatives and/or staffs or fidelity as whole doing their jobs cautiously,professionally,caring and supporting customers to the best of their abilities.My experience with them was satisfied and much appreciated.Great job...and thank you.
I am very satisfied with my Fidelity managed account and confident in their expertise in handling my future.
The account has only been with the Fidelity for approximately 6 months. The market has been strong. Therefore, I would like to wait a little longer before a judge it.
Very easy research to select funds or stocks to sell and/or purchase. Fidelity provides the right amount of guidance, not too much or too little. They provide analysis of my account on a timely basis.
Moving my investment funds to Fidelity has turned out to be a great decision because it was convenient and I receive regular reports and updates. Thank you, Fidelity!
locked in for 9 months prior to election ,what a mistake the way the stock market has gone
Opened IRA because I was comfortable and familiar with Fidelity\'s website thru my work 401K. Happy with Fidelity business model and have recommended you to friends/relatives. Offices I have visited are convenient and very businesslike.
After switching jobs, I really struggled with whether to rollover my existing 401K to my new employer\'s 401K or put it in a Fidelity Rollover IRA. The Fidelity Premium Services Financial Consultant that I was paired up with explained the pros and cons of each investment vehicle without pressuring me. He answered all of my questions. Once I decided to go with the Rollover IRA, he handled everything and really put me at ease through the whole process. It truly was painless. I have also taken advantage the Retirement Preparedness Measure analysis that Fidelity offers. I have even rolled an existing Roth IRA over to Fidelity. It is nice to have all my investments in one place.
I am very pleased with my experience with Fidelity now if I could find some one that could help with my equities.
lacking performance metrics 1) would like to know my IRR over various time periods 2) would like to see my portfolio value plotted against various market indices. plotted against SP500, for example.
Very good customer support when first rolled over account. Contact seems to have fallen off quite a bit lately. Very good access to all accounts and updated daily, nice.
Since we met with our financial advisor, i have been very happy with Fidelity. It is an excellent company.. Customer service is very professional personable and on point..
Wanted to roll over a rather large sum from a Pension Plan, which should be simple, but they kept on wanting to refer me to a retail Fidelity representative when all I wanted to do was complete the rollover. I did this on my own, but was disappointed with the pressure applied to try and get me to talk to a sales person. I ended up just doing the rollover via sending the rollover check directly to Fidelity. 
Have another large 401k I need to rollover, but do not want to talk to a sales person who wants to sell me annuties. 
My contact representatives and their service is excellent. Overall experience is very good.
some miss understanding and not understanding but the personal work with me to make it work.
Had to roll over a 401k at work. Fidelity made it easy. The website is easy to check in on too.
I love the web site with all its features, easy withdrawels/fast deivery easy setup ofr recurrng distributions funds offered
Fidelity offers great flexibility and convenience in managing your IRA. You have a huge spectrum of investment alternatives - funds, stocks, options, bonds, etc., to choose from, and competent assistance is always available. No hype or pressure. The on-line management tools are very easy to use and understand. I have been with Fidelity for years, and I have never had a problem with them at all.
I find this platform the best way to manage my IRA and to get answers to any questions I may have.
I got it done to rollover one 401k account with fidelity to my IRA account on phone for a few minutes.
Enjoy the website. However, I do wish there was cash flow available of all securities on statements and on the system for entire individual equity portfolio including ETFs and closed end funds. Even if it was based on recent dividends paid would be helpful. It is very cumbersome to manually calculate. Thank you
I have had great experiences with all my accounts at Fidelity and will continue to use them for all my retirement accounts. Both on the phone or in person at their office, the people are always very nice &amp; helpful.
Transferring a workplace 401k managed by Fidelity to a Rollover IRA could not have been easier. The staff at the 16th Street location in Denver was fantastic and very helpful.
Try finding forms or close out info. Stop redesigning pages
It has always worked well for me, I currently have 3 Fidelity IRAs. It\'s easy to transfer funds from 401K to IRA and easy to invest from the IRA.
Truly appreciate Fidelty. They are reliable and dependable.
I have tried numerous times to reach a representative. I am assured each time I call that I will get a callback. To date, nothing !
When I lost my job of nearly twenty years I was devastated and nervously concerned about my 401k and what I should do. With my wife by my side we made a conference call to Fidelity. I was genuinely impressed with the advice and counsel of the Fidelity advisor and was more than happy to let him make any changes for me that would be to my best interest. I now have no concerns about the rollover of my 401k to an IRA.
This was a seamless transfer without any issues. The did all the work and i reaped all the benifets of consolidation of my accounts. Great job folks keep up the good work.
Very easy and straight forward in rolling over IRA account
The process to roll my 401k into a Fidelity Rollover IRA was easy. I\'m happy so far.
During peak times of the year like January, it\'s hard to get someone to speak with, even with the &quot;Chat&quot; feature. I trust Fidelity and there research information is superb
takes care of the need to move from employer to self directed plan
My account is pretty much stagnant as are most these days. I have been retired for some years and my account supplements my income. At this point I cannot take risks, and it seems anything safe pays next to nothing in returns. I don\'t know what the answer to this is, but it seems Fidelity doesn\'t either.
The account has performed exactly as expected. All trades go through in a timely fashion at a reasonable cost.
In order to further my diversification I left my old employer 401K with Fidelity , then converted it to an IRA to allow easier disbursement of funds when needed
I don\'t have any complaints. All expectations are being met.
Rollover proceeded without difficulty. Services offered in support though was a simple process.
Great IRA account! I enjoy the low trading fees and all the options. The after hour trading comes in handy after a busy day at work. This allows me to manage my funds and not my funds managing me.
I tried to rollover two IRAs and the entire process was rife with uninformed customer support and a lack of communication. In fact, one of the IRAs transferred by NOT using the information given to me by Fidelity. The other IRA is still in limbo and hasn\'t transferred in 5 months. The irony of it all is the one that hasn\'t transferred is in a Fidelity employer account that I no longer work for and I can\'t get either the employer or Fidelity to transfer the funds. All I get is finger pointing at who needs to fill out the paperwork.
went very will. Excellemt customer service.very good
The research and information resources contained within the site are very helpful.
Recently went from a large company to a start up with no 401K plan. Was able to set up this IRA easily with a Fidelity rep who was very informative and helpful
I have received great customer service and support.
no problems. discussed all aspects, my rep is very thorough and knowledgeable. very easy to talk with and explains all very clearly and concisely
Our advisor made it very simple and was a pleasure to work with.
I appreciate the convenience and efficiency of trading with Fidelity Investments.
I\'m also pleasure with Fidelity\'s Management Team and the service I have received so far.
Great product. Even better service. They\'ve never disappointed me.
Lots of research information available onsite to help me make a decision
My personal account representative got to know me and my situation and guided me through the retirement process. He listened to my preferences and presented appropriate options.
The information is well laid out and very helpful. Navigation is logical. Research tools are excellent.
Compared to previous management companies, Fidelity is more flexible, provides more options, and insights in future opportunities.
I\'ve always enjoyed working with Fidelity with all of my accounts. They are easy to manage and help is available anytime when needed.
easy to do. lots of help. Thanks! no more to say. I have no more input and don\'t want to say anymore.
The Fidelity IRA brings convenience and versatility to retirement investing, allowing me to invest in a wide variety of funds
Needed money quickly and this could not have been any easier
Easy rollover proccess and great customer service is provided by Fidelity. Great investment choices.
Joe was very helpful and went out of his way to help us with our transfers.  He is very knowledgeable and helped us get into the products that worked best for our future goals
the security on this site is great! No worries! I would definitely recommend it to my friends.
A couple of months later, I opted to take a normal distribution from my IRAs. At that point I realized that the rollover had significantly reduced the percentage of my IRAs in which I had a basis. This resulted in a larger tax bill than if I had delayed the rollover to a later year.
Well satisfied with your company. Your staff is very efficient.
Doing a rollover is a very complicated experience. I was assisted quite well with the whole process except where I was supposed to get the rebate for doing this rollover. Someone dropped the ball in making sure I got that. So I had to track it myself and backtrack to get this taken care of.
I find the opportunities and the prices EXCELLENT !!
It was an efficient process to rollover my account. The customer service reps were patient and answered several of my calls to properly prepare and educate myself before I did so, as well.
Great fund choices and customer service! Easy to pull up and view entire account !
I rolled $ from my work 401K, which had limited choices for investment, into a rollover, where I direct the investments. This is a meaningful capability for me.
I am investment illiterate and while I understand no customer service agent can recommend a particular action but I need all the guidance I can get. I am not at all happy with the result so far.
My Fidelity IRA has been easy to understand and manage since the rollover. The features at the Fidelity site, the reporting, and the tools all contribute to a clear view and understanding of the account. The webinars help illuminate the features and options available to the investor.
I like the Fidelity website as well as the news items that pertain to my holdings
Have been very happy with people and investment opportunities with Fidelity.
The best thing about Fidelity is their customer service.
I like the personalized service and fast responses to my questions. Thank you.
I just find it difficul to maneuver through the system
The wife and I had 403b accounts with Fidelity for 35 years. At retirement, we rolled to the Fidelity Rollover IRA. We\'re very happy that we did. We can manage our investments with ease. We\'ve configured automatic deposits of dividends to our checking account. We can fund retirement without making a career of it. Love it!
I appreciate the easy way to contact and knowledge of your customer service
Really value their customers and focus on keeping them haapy
Have no issues with online capabilities and reference resources; however, I had attended a bonds seminar in the Shrewsbury, NJ office over a month ago and thought I would have heard back about my wanting a meeting to discuss the bonds in my portfolio.
Even though my old 401K was with Fidelity I still found the rollover very easy to accomplish. Everything went very smoothly and in the time frame indicated. It is after the rollover I am having some difficulty. The resources available are not as easy to navigate. There are plenty of options but they don\'t flow well and I feel I have to dig deep to find what I want. I also have part of the rollover that didn\'t match any of the IRA funds just sitting in cash. I will have to call to figure out what assistance I can get to invest that portion.
Very satisfied with my decision to choose Fidelity to manage my portfolio
I have had lots of experience with Fidelity representatives over the last 2 years &amp; I have always been treated with dignity, courtesy, &amp; respect. I always get a knowledgeable rep who helps and gives good, honest advice. I highly recommend using Fidelity as your retirement savings provider!
My Rollover IRA has done well aince I set it up and retired and is convenient to have money in one place. I just turned 70 so will need to talk to a Fidelity representative in a couple of months as I moved out of state.
the account provides me with all the necassary data to analyze activity
Experience was relatively painless. Didn\'t take much time, web site wasn\'t bad. I\'ve seen much worse.
Convenient way to invest if you don\'t have the time or inclination to do a lot of research.
Quick and convenient rollover process made it easy.
There was a long wait time and the investment specialist I spoke with left me on hold after we\'ve discussed that I\'m investing in a Fidelity product. Another specialist picked up the phone without knowing what was discussed previously with the other person, so he has to read the notes. That was unprofessional and time wasted!!!!
Fidelity is easy to use and has great tips and advice available on the website.
Customer service could not have been better. Very easy and convenient to set up. Having been with Fidelity for many years I have great faith in the value of your service.
Convenient and user friendly. Just what I need. I will always use Fidelity in the future unless I land a job at one of your competitors and are required to transfer account.
Very pleased with the customer service and the quality of service provided.
I am so happy with your customer service. Employees are some of the best
Gives us everything we need to make an informed decision!
I have always enjoyed dealing with anyone working with Fidelity. Their system is good to work with. A lot of information though.
Whenever I have needed any help your representatives have been there for me. they have walked me through every step. could not be more pleased.
The location for me is close. Any question I have is answered quickly. I need to spend more time using your resources. So far this is my problem. The quarterly updates have been helpful. 
If I miss one it would be helpful if I could get the data either e-mailed or mailed to me. What should I do to receive?
I called a representative prior to rolling over my 401K into an IRA with Fidelity and as always got friendly professional service. The rollover itself was simply a matter of filling out the on-line forms and submitting them. After the rollover account was opened I asked about their managed accounts and did get a little bit of sales pressure to use them but opted to go it alone for the time being. Maybe in the future I\'ll try a more interactively managed account or even the robo-account if and when it becomes available?
so far so good - what more can i say - it all depends on my investments and market
I have been a Fidelity customer since the mid 1980\'s. Without exception every time I have asked for help I have been assisted by knowledgeable, courteous people. I have done roll over accounts seamlessly and without any trouble.
Overall I had a positive experience. As someone who is relatively new to investing the choices are a bit overwhelming. I downgraded the experience because I didn\'t reduce the choices by as much as hoped using the filters. Nonetheless it was as good or better than what I\'d expect from another provider.
I am very pleased about my transition to Fidelity and what it has to offer.
The Fidelity Rollover IRA was easy to set up and offer great research tools. The app is also streamlined and user friendly.
We set up the dividends to be deposited into the check book and this has not been done for 2 months in a row.
Things worked out very well for me. If any of my friends are looking to invest you are the one I would recommend.
I am very happy with the Fidelity service. I have great confidence in your professional dignity. I also like the fact that your office is very close to my home.
Very knowledgeable and helpful. Staff was friendly. Didn\'t make me feel stupid for not understanding everything
I am pleased with the advice and assistance I received for my rollover IRA account. I opened my IRA account 5 months ago and am pleased with my options and service. I decided to open a Fidelity Rollover IRA because of my satisfaction with my Fidelity Brokerage Account.
I rolled an employer 401k over by calling fidelity and then while on the phone we called the previous financial institution and the two reps figured all of the logistics out. All I had to do was provide various identifying information. Very easy and simple.
Complete comprehensiveness for investing in stocks, mutuals and bonds!
Thank you for the valuable advice on my rollover. This past year and a half has been hectic sometimes. With your help this task was much easier. Thank you very much.
Fidelity staff members are courteous and make me feel very comfortable the way they have been helping me with my accounts, whenever I ask a question they are right there with the answers or options I have with the choices I have made since my retirement. I have participated in some of the training session and webinars and they have been terrific.
I worked with a fidelity representative before I retired to work out a plan to convert my retirement portfolio to a rollover IRA. The representative was very knowledgable understanding of how to maximize my income in retirement while conserving my assets for estate planning purposes.
Excellent services from Fidelity overall. I was allowed a set of free trades in the first year which made the deployment of my IRA assets easy. The web view of the account is very easy to read.
I have had problems with this account, It has always been my fault for forgetting to do what I need to do.
Fidelity does a great job managing my IRA account, and I have easy access to my funds.
I find my rollover IRA very easy to use as a hands-off investor who wishes to &quot;invest and forget&quot; for the long term. Also, I like the many types of products I can choose to invest in, as well as the support I receive from my account representative.
Since joining Fidelity, I have been able to quickly learn and navigate your customer online site. It is clear and understandable. If I do need assistance, representatives are quick to respond with their thoughts and suggestions on moving forward.
The customer service is phenomenal; everyone is so helpful in answering my often newbie questions. I really appreciate the number of investment options available (e.g. physical gold, bitcoin ETF) and the low management fees. Keep up the good work.
Sorry, but we were unable to complete this request. Please try again. If you continue to experience this error, please contact us at 800-396-8982.
All I need to know is who they should make the rollover check out to.
Transferred from my 401K administered by Fidelity due to certain restrictions on my 401K. Transfer was done efficiently and has been very helpful in maintaining my finances.
I worked through a Fidelity local agent. He helped set up the online stuff. The rest came easy. Moved 4 external accounts to my one Fidelity Rollover account. Simplified everything.
Because our life style and financial needs are very simple at this stage of our life it is very satisfying to be able to meet all our needs with people in person and conveniently located. The roll over of our IRA into Fidelity was very simple.t.
I am very pleased with the ease of rollover and the selection of a Minium Required Distribution format. The over the phone staff were very helpful as was the on site review by my assigned councilor.
I have no complaints and has done well for me the past 10 years
Fidelity service is excellent from the local branch personnel to the call in number personnel however I do not find the online services as user friendly or as comprehensive as I had expected.
Only 6 months of my investments being in this 401 account, I have been able to review the account with ease. Not enough me to evaluate it\'s value.
As a newcomer to managing my own investment, I really need training, consultation and mentoring. The resources and tools available are good but it is overwhelming and information over load.
Needed easier access to retirement accounts. Customer service and account reps are knowledgable, curtious and very helpful in transferring assets to Fidelity. I now have access to my accounts that suit me.
I have held accounts with Fidelity for many years so when it came time to roll our 401k plans to IRAs I didn\'t hesitate and am so glad I did it.
have not had a lot of business transaction with the company, but am very pleased with the service I have received.
Very pleased with Fidelity. Your account reps have listened to me and responded with very favorable service.
very well done, great support, easy transition, good result
Everything was handled nicely and loved the financial incentive to roll with Fidelity
I switched from another investment company to Fidelity last year. I like the fact that they have a local office that I can go in and talk to an actual person when I have a question or concern. The customer service over the phone has also been very helpful and friendly. this was a good choice for me.
My representative helped me when we rolled my 401k to an IRA and did a good job. I like personal contact and unfortunately that is last and only time I\'ve heard from him. He his collected his commission and that was it ! I only require a call every couple of months for a few minutes but without them I  cannot rate your customer service as highly as I could.
When rolling over my IRA to my current employer\'s 401(k) plan, the folks at Fidelity couldn\'t have been more helpful and courteous. My nervousness was all for naught as the process was more delightful than I could\'ve ever imagined.
Fedility is a great company. They have every thing at your fingertips to help you. If you need to go into there offices they are very helpful. There customer service is number one.
I have invested in Fidelity mutual funds and other mutual funds for a number of years and believe Fidelity provides an acceptable array of options with acceptable returns.
My son set this up for me and he monitors it. I just look at it from time to time.
A very good account with no hassles, it keeps me informed and up todate of what is availiable.
It was easy to get this years distribution. I just made a phone call. Thank you.
The people is what I have found makes Fidelity Strong.
good reliable folks to use and deal with to do business
I have utalized several investment firms for my IRAs in the past, but have begun moving all of my accounts over to Fidelity because I find that Fidelity is the most comprehensive, informative, and trustworthy firm that I have delt with. The Fidelity website is heads above any of the other firms in terms of accessible information, retirement planning calculators, and other features.
The Fidelity team are customer focused with an array of outstanding on line resources to assist with planning your objectives.
Lots of helpful content across the website. Friendly and knowledgable staff when calling with questions.
My husband have been with Fidelity from 2002 and they have been very professional doing business with
Rolling my 401-k plan into this IRA was easy. The customer service provided by Fidelity was great.
Fidelity made it easy to roll over funds from two previous employers and went above and beyond the call to assist me. The site is very easy to use.
Love that you have a convienent link to what MRD is required and that I can go back to previous years. It was great when I did our taxes.
The representative in the office was very helpful and respected my decisions. He was not the person I was supposed to see, who got ill and whom I was uneasy about. It worked out better this way!
It was very easy to set up my IRA. I was surprised that when I called Fidelity I was able to reach a live person and get assistance so quickly.
Michael was very helpful and knowledgeable. made my decision easy.
No assistance whatsoever and about ready to close all my accounts
I have been with Fidelity for over 20 years, make my own decisions buy but when I ask for assistance it\'s right there. Just had a total review with fidelity with Tim, took over an hour but a great experience. He did make a few suggestions as we are now trying to protect what we have accumulated which I took each one of them. My opinion anyone having trouble with Fidelity is because of their not understanding or trying to do something not allowed by law.
Good Job Guys!!
Excellent service and reliability. I recommend Fidelity very highly.
my rep. is very good and knowledgeable . he has my best interest in mind. my aunt also has an account with matt.
Always able to make transactions in a timely manner. Clear and concise instructions and info. regarding account structure and growth.
Been with Fidelity for over 10 years their research products continue to expand and are easy to use. Customer service is excellent
In principal for minimal risk it is fine. However I sometimes withdraw more than once a year and with the IRA have to treat my own money as income and submit a 1099. If I could place all my funds into a 401k I would gladly do so.
Great service and customer support. I like the diverse accounts available to me.
Very good. Convenient and easy to use and monitor.
I like the fact that I can make my own decisions regarding what I invest in but also have access to a financial advisor who is willing to give me feedback and useful information to build my portfolio.
very satisfied with Fidelity\'s customer service and the returns on my target retirement account.
I have found that the Fidelity systems provide the tools and services necessary to effectively manage my IRA accounts. The investment alternatives span the full range of products and investment alternatives which I find necessary in managing these accounts.
I am very happy with my IRA account and the way it appears in the website. It would be helpful to see what the market totals are when you are looking at the positions.
The process for my Rollover IRA was flawless; Fidelity has very knowledgeable, professional and patient representatives to provide guidance. I couldn\'t be more pleased, excellent experience.... which is why I plan to move all my other retirement accounts to Fidelity.
Very easy to do and help always available if needed.
The convenience and ease of the site makes everything seamless.
The customer service is exceptional. From the brick and mortar the representatives are informed and courteous. The representatives that are on the telephone are friendly and fast as well.
really enjoying participating in all the webinars that are being offered. .they are really helpful in forming strategies for investing...both long and short term
The customer service rep gave me simple directions to follow. Any questions or concerns were addressed and I was very satisfied with Fidelity.
This is my first time using an investment company, It looks like Fidelity was a great choice, I have been using my Retirement account without. problems. I have a lot to learn and I love the tools that are provided for the learning process. So far, so good.
convenient. good customer service. helpful staff. excellent education materials for everyone. lots of good funds and etfs to choose from relevant to invesment personality.
The information online isn\'t much help. I must go into a local Fidelity store to get answers. I can\'t just stop in there without an appointment.
choices of available funds A- service B+ website and support B fee C overall value C
Fidelity continues to provide the service we want and need in both of our IRA\'s
The process was easy, as well as educational. Every person I talked to did an amazing job of asking me important questions and walking me through how I could do everything possibly to make my money work for me. Everyone was extremely knowledgeable and very polite. Thanks for making this process easy and comfortable.
Process was pretty straightforward and simple once we had contacted Vito our Fidelity representative. He set up the Rollover IRA account and outlined the process and defined the address and who the check was to be made out to. The rollover went off without a hitch without me ever taking physical possession of the check which could potentially have resulted in a withholding and even triggerred a taxable event.
I have never had such bad service. I cannot believe how I have been treated as a customer. I pass the word to others. I got no assistance. My IRA is still sitting in cash. I am looking to leave Fedelity.
Awesome is the way i can describe fidelity, amazing customer service
Our local Fidelity Rep helped us with the rollover to IRA with analysis of my plan for the rollover, pointing out some changes to make better and recommending additional investments, which I did.
The Fidelity web site is loaded with information and insight. Depending on how much you want to dig down into the data, it is helpful for making changes or staying the course. I am pleased with the outcome overall of my IRA rollover with Fidelity.
IRA Rollover great for short term cash when buying new home &amp; waiting for escrow to close on old home.
I am very pleased with the customer service everyone has been very polite and courteous
I am very happy with Fidelity. Their service is excellent. No complaints.
It doesn\'t show me the expected move each week for the underlying.
I\'m okay with everything else.
Everyone that I have consulted or had contact with made sure of my Investments and I was well aware of the underlying situations; That being said it is great have people you understand your needs and are looking out for your best interest!!
I turned over my 403b to an IRA account so I would have better access. I\'m was very pleased with the account rep I worked with. He was very knowledgeable and made the transfer from one account to another very easy.
Attempted to have several of my 403 b\'s rolled over into one IRA. After hand delivering the paperwork for this to be accomplished all of my paperwork was lost. They were never able to find it nor did they follow up with me regarding this mishap.
I will be removing all of my money from Fidelity and will take it else where.
Good selection of products to choose from, though homing in and finding exactly the right ones can be a lengthy and sometimes frustrating process. Differing restrictions from standard 401K program can be confusing and hindering in terms of making quick and/or frequent changes. Overall, pretty happy with products &amp; services.
Fidelity offers an impressive array of investment choices, excellent customer service, and superior research functionality. They make it very easy to do business together.
Excellent customer service from account rep in setting up a diversified IRA rollover account.
I used my IRA account with limited marginal account extended by Fidelity to me. The Fidelity site is very user-friendly and speedier in execution of trades. Some account information is updated over-night and needs to be real-time. However, all trades are very real-time and perfect and I had used the Site over Mobile device too without any performance degradation. Senior staff of Fidelity are very knowledgeable and available even on week-end clarifications.
I don\'t understand why the IRA tool doesn\'t provide real time security quotes. This is something I can get on Yahoo Finance for free, why can\'t I get it from Fidelity where I am holding my retirement savings?
The Fidelity Viewpoint webinars are interesting though and do provide some insightful information on the markets.
This app has been very convenient for me. Also, the custoumer service has been very helpful when I\'ve had questions about investing. The best benefit is the value you get by investing through Fidelity.
I have had a very good experience with Fidelity from the very start. Before my IRA it was under Fidelity\'s care with work as a 401K. I was helped with the transition at the time of retirement by wonderful Fidelity personal, I would very highly recommend Fidelity.
This was an easy transaction and the officer explained everything very thoroughly.
Very disappointed with the new viewing format and not very easy to maneuver in and out of accounts
I am going though a bad time with my husband. I had to retire and was to young to collect S.S. I had to take money out of my 401/IRA and have been taxed a lot. now my retirement money is less than haft of what I started with.the taxes you charge are to much.
The rollover set up was easy and was referred to knowledgeable staff person to help navigate the Fidelity site.
That combined with a limited choice of investments, makes me less than satisfied with my Fidelity account.
Very satisfied with help provided when needed .Easy to reach represenattive
Being totally illiterate when it comes to market investments, Fidelity has always provided me with confident representatives who make it a personnel commitment to invest my money wisely. Being retired now, this is very reassuring to know my finances are in good hands. Thank you so very much Fidelity.
It was very easy to roll my money over into this program. I\'d like to get a bit more advice from Fidelity sometimes, even though when I call, the service is superb! Fidelity is definitely a leader in the service arena.
Fidelity, is doing a great job helping me with my rollover IRA
Fidelity Investments made it super easy to rollover my old 401k to an IRA. Being nervous, I contacted a Fidelity rep to assist me and it was a breeze. We talked about investments and mutual fuunds and where to place my funds. He also went thru the website with me to show me where to find training aides and how to perform research. I\'ve been using Fidelty Investments for 8 months and compared to other online trading platfors, they are hands down THE BEST!
NEW CUSTOMER SO FAR AVERAGE EVERY TIME I CALL THE PERSON GIVES ME THEIR EX IF I HAVE QUESTIONS LEAVE MESSAGE THEY NEVER GET BACK TO ME
I have received exceptional service and support from all Fidelity representatives in rolling over one of my pensions to an IRA. Follow-up lifetime income reviews and recommendations were also outstanding. I would highly recommend Fidelity to anyone needing financial assistance and advice.
Good experience and is pleased with my interaction so far.
It was very easy to transfer a 401k to an IRA after a change in jobs. Fidelity representatives were very helpful and guided me through the process to have my funds start working for me immediately.
Good service and businesses can be hard to find and trust in these times. However, Fidelity Investments has proven to me that they are a business that provides excellent customer service and that they can be trusted to handle your business as well. Every person that I\'ve talked to at Fidelity Investments has been pleasant, patience, attentiveness, and very helpful. Their goal is to satisfy their customers. If they\'re not sure about something they will do their best to find out. This has been my experience. I hope that your experience was or will be just as satisfying as mine and that you will share it too for the sake of others looking, wanting, and hoping to find something good that works for them too. God bless!
My Fidelity account manager was excellent in helping get my 401K rolled over into an IRS. He has been with me every step of the way
It\'s very easy to navigate online, their technology is excellent!
I moved my rollover IRA and my Roth IRA to Fidelity for ease of access and reasonable fee structure. Fidelity is already the administrator for my employer\'s 401k plan. I got what I wanted PLUS participation in various online informational seminars have been very educational and thought provoking. Happy. Thanks.
Like Fidelity it is solid and doesn\'t promise too much.If you like to control your own funds but want a lot of options it is a very efficient platform. It would be better if they did not try so hard to avoid the transfer bonus they advertise on the Internet. Overall a good service.
I contacted Fidelity with specific goals in mind when I rolled over my 401k into an IRA. The representative I talked with explained everything to me and made suggestions for me to meet those goals. He was very helpful and the advice and direction he gave me at the time has proven to be what I needed. I am very satisfied with the action taken.
Fidelity pushed you right into opening an account and I can\'t find a single link on the page that tells you, legally, the terms of the account. Nothing. Just START. GET STARTED. With What?&gt;?&gt;&gt;&gt;
Information is well organized and easy to find and access. Content is extensive, research tool, stock information, tutorials and account information all provide me the information I need.
you come very highly recommended and I am very satisfied with the level of help and confidence that your employees deliver.
With all the different options available for one to roll over their 401k account upon retirement, it can be a challenge to determine what company is the right fit for you. I have found the folks at Fidelity to be most helpful every step of the way. I am very pleased with the ease of making trades and for all the investment tools that Fidelity provides.
The rollover from my 401 K to an IRA went smoothly, and Fidelity personnel on both sides were very helpful.
I like Fidelity. I think they do a nice job of having alot of sources for research. The people at their locations are very helpful as well. One experience I had, I rolled over an old 401k to my IRA and I was asked how I was planning on investing it. At the time, I was clueless of my investment options, so the rep speant over an hour with me showing me all the tools I can use to learn up on everything. It was helpful and I was happy that someone took the time to do that. Its been very beneficial.
The Active Trader Pro software is helpful in managing account positions. Relatively inconsequential bug fixes, user interface improvements and information presentation changes could make it a superb investing tool for average semi-active investors.
The trading platform is great and easy to use and up to date
Easy access, great customer service. Very complete web site.
Although my former employer has been using Fidelity to manage the company 401k for more than 10 years, I have only interacted with Fidelity since Dec/2014 when I converted my 401k to a rollover IRA. The service I have received has thus far has been excellent.
The transfer is very simple and quick. Andrew is very helpful.
Many large companies have low cost 401K cost structures and transferring money from 401K to an Individual IRA at Fidelity could result in higher fees. Need to look at your individual situation carefully.
I like the large fund selection available in the Fidelity IRA, especially their options for low-expense index funds (mutual funds &amp; ETFs). This is a major advantage over my employer-sponsored 401k account and is the primary reason that I opened this account. I wish there were tools for maintaining a specified asset allocation similar to those provided by the 401k accounts I\'ve had, for example, the ability to specify a new asset allocation for existing investments, an asset allocation for new investments (i.e. automatically invest on inbound transfers), and perform periodic rebalancing. These are conveniences that are not that hard to do manually but would facilitate more of a &quot;set it and forget it&quot; approach for retirement saving.
All the agents I\'ve talked to have been responsive to my questions as if I were a million dollar client. Although my account is in a target date account I have been treated with respect and consideration. As has been my wife. Two accounts which have made the agents no money, but lots of good advertising. I always recommend Fidelity to my friends, who by the way, are much more adventurous than I am. Keep up the good work.
I rolled my retirement fund over into an IRA after leaving my previous place of employment. I communicated with the Fidelity representative that I was not planning to make additional investments at the present time. Although I was not planning to invest at this time, I was provided with exceptional customer service from my first contact up to the present time. I did not understand the basics of an IRA and the representative patiently explained every aspect to me, more than once. I was guided as to how to use the web site and given the contact infirmation of the representative in case I had additiinal questions. Each time I have used the on-line support the representative has been professional and knowledgable. It has been a pleasure working with Fidelity. I soon wll be investing again, I had not thiught about using Fidelity prior to this experience, I now am willing to gain more information regarding having them manage a portfolio.
Very efective and secure and exellent and helpfull
Great customer support - always willing to take time to talk on the phone and assure my questions are answered. On-line system is easy to use and pretty intuitive.
My rollover was so simple and the process was easy. Once I made the decision to rollover my 401K to an IRA all I did was call and make an appointment with the local Fidelity office and everything was done in that one meeting. I can track my IRA online everyday if I want. This is so easy.
I found it so easy to rollover a large part of my 401K once I started a new job. Fidelity even provided me with a way to continue to make contributions to the new IRA just like I had to my 401K for years.
My only complaint that each time I roll over an IRA&lt; the IRS seems to think it is a distribution. It causes a hassle to communicate with them to clear it up.
My experience over the last nearly 10 years has been nothing but outstanding. I have found the Rollover IRA to be a very effective tool for managing our assets in retirement.
Since I\'ve been with Fidelity, I have worked with the best in the industry with regards to my investment portfolio. They asked what my goals were, and most importantly, they listened. I\'ve been on a great path to retirement and I have everyone at Fidelity to thank for that.
I like to make trades like the old computer format , I want to select trade and then select what I want to do. you had it that way ,why did you change?
I have had a great experience with Fidelity. They are professional and helpful.
Unless you are in cash the transition takes longer than advertised. Fidelity needs to automatically transfer purchase prices over from previous accounts otherwise the gain/loss columns on Active Trader Pro are inaccurate. As an active options trader I expect the platform to present accurate data at all times. I had to make a special request for up to date purchase price data. Inconvenient.
This is my first time having an IR, and the staff has been very helpful in explaining to me how it works and making the appropriate decisions.
Trying to roll over an IRA into my employer sponsored plan takes more effort than I would expect. First you need to fill out a &quot;Withdrawals - IRA One-Time&quot; form, mail it back to fidelity. Then they will cut you a check and mail it back to you. Then you need to fill out, &quot;Incoming Rollover Contribution Application&quot; and mail that off with the check they sent you. Based off of this effort, I asked if It would be possible to come into the office and take care of it as the local Fidelity office. My phone representative stated their is no real value for me to come into the office. I said thank you very much, I will call back another time. Maybe its just me.
I opened an IRA account. I called Fidelity to try to start the roll over process. Called for more than 30 minutes, never got answered.
The statements are simple to understand. The Staff is knowledgable. The office is neat and professional. the research tools are good The options and &quot;offering&quot; are well based for a retired person. there is a time to handle your own money and future, and there is also a time to know when to have someone else do it for you. The services and options are there for you to choose when you feel that time has come for you.
The actual process to transfer a 401-K to an IRA was made extremely easy with the guidance of my Fidelity Rep. however, the website is far more difficult to understand and maneuver than what I was accustom to through the 401-K. Even after seeking guidance from my representative it still seems too complex.
Easy to use and has the answers to questions using the menus. Lots of other information regarding all aspects of IRA\'s and other accounts. Information was for the most part is understandable being that I am not all that familiar with selling and buying of stocks, bonds, CD\'s, etc...I think that I need to work on this!
My rollover IRA was very easy to understand and was done in my best interest. When I had a question my Financial Consultant was available to make sure that I fully understood what was happening and thoughtfully answered my questions. It was a seamless transaction completed by a company I know I can trust, and who treat their customers as they would treat themselves. Thanks.
Feel like a # and not a customer but don\'t ask for more or expected it.
Overall good to excellent; product offerings, convenience and ease of use - familiarity with system.
I rate Fidelity Rollover IRA options as being very good with a wide variety of options to chose from.
Process was easy and personnel were very professional. Ready to move my wife\'s IRA over soon.
This was a simple clerical action that accomplished what was intended. My Fidelity advisor handled the deed efficiently and effectively. Mission accomplished.
Very pleased with all aspects of Fidelity. All my encounters with the office staff have been most helpful. My only regret is that I did not use Fidelity 15 years ago
I was very disappointed with the chat that I had concerning my RMD. I had initially scheduled my RMD to be withdrawn in December for the full amount. I needed to withdraw $5,000.00 this month expecting my RMD balance to reflect the reduced amount to be withdrawn in December. The CSR that I spoke to was very vague as too how to adjust that amount to the point that I when I treid it, nothing changed
Just love haivng so much control over these investments.
My account manager never followed up on the credit to my account for the creation and rollover of funds. Still have not seen the funds credited for transferring funds. She was very anxious to have me transfer funds however once transferred never heard from her again
It was easy and fast to fill out the application for enrollment.
I have made a lot of changes in my IRA over the years and have been very pleased with the support and help I have received from my Financial Retirement Representative. Even though I have another primary representative, the Fidelity folks have worked with me to meet my needs.
Very satisfied with Fidelity and their customer service.
The process of rolling over my 401k into a Fidelity IRA was one of the easiest and smoothest transactions I have ever made. The Fidelity rep was a true professional and helped guide through each step. An overall great move and experience.
Could not be happier with your customer service and professionalism, keep it up!!!
I rolled over an amount of money into Fidelity, hoping they would help me invest. I had a representative call me and set an appointment. They forgot about me and never rescheduled to this day. I\'m in search of transferring my money out soon.
They are first in answering your question. They are customer friendly.
One of the biggest things is the availability of research options. Active Trader Pro is a great tool to use.
The transfer from my 401k to the Fidelity IRA went smoothly. The low-priced index funds offerings are competitive with other sources. The customer service is friendly and helpful.
the whole process was well explained and easy to implement
The process to roll over a retirement lump sum payout into an IRA was simple and made it easy to immediately begin managing my own future. I especially like the investment tools that let me manage risk, balancing the portfolio (including both IRA and tradtional invenstment accounts).
Your system did not allow me to do the roll over to IRA..Wants me to do a withdrawl and a check will be sent to me..All I want to do is a roll over not a withdrawl.
I am pleased with my rollover Gret information and ease to invest
I am pleased with the tools and research options provided with the Rollover IRA.
I retired mid-2006, that fall I rolled my IRA into a variety of mutual funds under the Fidelity umbrella. It was convenient and quick. Not all funds were Fidelity, some were from \'competing\' companies and two of those were suggested by the Fidelity rep. I do an annual \'checkup\', typically late year to review balance and swap some funds. I have been VERY happy with Fidelity, they have the expertise and systems to help you manage your financial assets.
Allows selection of a large variety of mutual funds. Provides great research capability. The retirement planning and projection of assets for the next 30 years is very valuable. Plus, it is all free.
I have had my rollover IRA with Fidelity for a while and I just want to say that when it comes time to transfer another Rollover from my past employer it is a hassle and Fidelity Reps do not want to take time to help me other than to give me the same information I can look up on the site myself. The Reps are very nice up until they ask for the value of the rollover, then they just send pre-written responses and links to where I can find the information that I already found on my own. What kind of service is this? No, I don\'t have a million dollars to transfer, yet, but I\'ve been a customer since 2004 and don\'t get the respect that I deserve. I now know that contacting a Rep is not worth the time as they don\'t want to help you unless you have a large sum to transfer. Terrible Service. I will continue to keep my money at FI because I like the choice of funds I have invested in, but the Rep service is terrible!
So far so good. Just don\'t like all the restrictions.
I have spent 20 minutes trying to find the place to rollover a 401k to an existing rollover account. All I can find are places that want me to call a phone number. Can we please be in the modern era and not need to talk to someone on the phone?
The cooperation and commitment has been extremely positive and I have no reason to believe that it will not continue going forward .
My account is a great asset to my future. The customer service is splendid.
I recently requested to trade option from my retirement account and was denied. I do not understand this decision, as I trade options spreads from other accounts and have not problems. I dislike the fact that Fidelity seems to think that I am incapable of investing my own money. I will be finding another broker.
Before I moved my IRA funds, they called me several times. After I moved them, no one ever called. There was no hand-holding as was promised initially. Website relatively easy to use. Sometimes the daily changes are not available on all my funds (they show a dash and have to wait until the next day to find out whether they moved up or down; annoying).
What a great catch phrase to motivate this Mom to jump back in the game after letting my $ sit for way too long while I raised my children. From the moment I saw the words &quot;Never Too Early&quot; it completely changed my thinking from &quot;It\'s too late now&quot; to &quot;Why not start right now!&quot;. I called and spoke to a Fidelity representative who was literally happy to hear from me. It was like speaking with a long lost friend who was happy I was back in town. He helped me get a fresh new start on my investments &amp; encouraged me to stay in the game while assuring that Fidelity\'s assisance is just a phone call away!
I used this site to find out who the check needs to be made out, from my former employer 401K account, and where in Fidelity to send it. It was quick and simple.
Fidelity has completely lost any credibility with me. I have been trying to transfer my Fidelity pension into my Fidelity Rollover IRA. It was supposed to be transferred on 11/01/14. Because of a paperwork error on Fidelity\'s side, documents had to signed and notarized for a second time so that I could receive the funds on 12/01/14. Today, 12/02/14, I received a call stating that the funds will be available after 1/1/15. Fidelity is not taking any responsibility for their error and not making it right. I have 4 other accounts with Fidelity. Once I leave my current employer, I will close all of my accounts with Fidelity. I would not recommend that anyone open new accounts with them. They have had multiple chances to correct the situation and have dragged their feet.
All in all my time with fidelity has been an asset and fruitful, I do not think that fedelity treats the customer as an individual but more as an asset. more one on one would be advisable.
Excellent customer service. Always accommodating and willing to help
Quick and easy to set up, lots of invetment options, and user-friendly web site to manage the account (that was just recently upgraded). Nice to have money from multiple sources all in one place now.
The customer service representative assigned to us at Mt. View office was excellent and very helpful
I did a 401k rollover to Fidelity via the website. Although the process was straightforward - no where on the site, or during the process, does it tell you that non-Fidelity holdings will NOT be converted to the same non-institutional funds, but will instead be dumped into a cash core account.
Fidelity is the only company I\'ve ever had an investment account with I have so I don\'t have much to compare it to, but I am extremely impressed with the level of customer service and the ease and assistance with the actual rollover of funds.
I like t hat I can call anytime an a person will help me with any computer questions.
Your systems are so complicated that the people you pay to assist your clients do not know how they work. Took me from May till November to get an automatic withdrawal started. Most of thew problems was due to YOUR personnel not understanding how to do stuff.
Tips and information at my fingertips... I can keep an eye on my funds and make changes easily.
I have had a good experience with Fidelity Investment.
The investment advisors were courteous and very informative. They answered my questions and made me feel that my account was important to them. The entire process was very easy.
Everything was done promptly and very professionally.
This was the easiest transfer of employer-held retirement funds I have ever experienced.
All was processed seamlessly. The Fidelity Representative who assisted me today went beyond my expectations to ensure I was at ease with the transaction.
Thanks so much!
I would like to have more interaction with a Fidelity representative, to discuss investment options, and be able to divest my pension fund from fossil fuels. Currently this is not possible and I would like to have that option.
i am pleased with my fidelity IRA. the people i talked with are very helpful and have a good understanding of the products i ask about.
I have found the customer service people exceptional, professional and polite. I have never felt rushed or that my question was not fully answered. And when using the online sights, if you can make it easy for me ,ANYONE can use it.
My advisor was knowledgable,friendly and able to explain the products offered and answered all my questions. He did not pressure me to invest in any way. When I have a question if he is not available immediately he gets back to me quickly.
It would be nice if IRA could accumulate some kind interest.
I started doing some investing with Fidelity because my company had my 401k with them and they seemed like a good choice. The investment side works so well and easily that when I retired, I rolled my 401k over into a Fidelity IRA. That was a quick, easy and seamless process. The breadth of investment choices with Fidelity is excellent, and the online tools to view, report, analyze or change my investments work well.
Lots of promises before transferning my account, but very little followup or effective help given. Stock ratings do not seem very accurate.
So far Fidelity has been easy to work with. Confused on a few issues, balancing portfolio on line.
Customer service made this a very pleasant experience! Thank you!
When I required support from Fidelity it was inferior to the competitor regardless of if the request was made by phone or e-mail.
Fidelity is a great firm for institutions to use but they are not geared towards the retail market even if an individual has significant assets. I had my assets split between Fidelity and a competitor with the intent on picking one to move forward with (I had hoped it would be Fidelity). After several years I have decided to move as much as practical to the competitor.
in convince for stock trading setup update. When I make a change for my order, it was too complicate than other finance institution.
The process was fairly straightforward and the folks I taked to did a good deal of handholding and explaining what was taking place.
I love the way you all have things now myself I\'m please.
Efficiently presented financial information. Trust I won\'t get ripped off in management fees. Slow transfer of funds, but seems to be industry standard.
I did not have any problems with the rollover process.
When it comes to money I know very little about it making me money. Well with Fidelity rollover I have found all the help I need... Thanks Gals and Guys
Easy to work with; great customer service and knowledge level.
The service is very convenient, which for me it is a priority.
easy process in rolling my funds over. I like getting paper statements once a quarter, telling me where I stand.
Need graphical comparison tool to compair current holdings with other stocks, bonds, funds etc.
I believe that Fidelity has done the best job for me. They are always ready to answer question and to provide service.
The only complaint I have is about your statements. I have a roth &amp; rollover IRA. Sometimes I get a paper with the rollover on one side &amp; the roth statement on the other.This makes it complicated to keep them separate for record keeping. I think each account should be started with a separate sheet.
God Bless You Lee
I am completely satisfied with you guys being the custodians of my IRA account. I have a lot of flexibility to play with my mutual funds .
Good company with a goal to help customers not rob them.
Easy to log on and off. Easy to access all accounts and information. Lots of helpful information there for your taking.
Fidelity provides a wealth of research information on prospective investments that have enabled me to make intelligent choices. The Rollover IRA has enabled me to expand my investment choices beyond the limited funds available in my employers 401k.
Very disappointed on incentives provided to high value accounts. Other firms provide free trading and Pro Trade tools when your accounts hits certain dollar value. But, not at Fidelity.
it does not get much easier to move your old 401 employer sponsored plan to fidelity then following the outlined steps.
I am very happy with the services I have received from Fidelity. The investment professional assigned to my account is helpful and knowledgeable. So far I have only had excellent experiences with my roll-over IRA account.
Easy to follow my investment plan. I can keep up with value by quickly scanning the portfoilo positions screen.
Great input from Fidelity personnel, easy to manage process and excellent self service capabilities.
It was easy, convenient, helpfully! And I am female with little money knowledge. Fedelity made my experience friendly, no regrets! The staff was very good at answering my questions. Love the company!!
Overall I am very satisfied with my Fidelity Rollover IRA account, however, I would like the availability to request any dividends &amp; capitol gains to be reinvested, put in a money market account (or automatically direct deposit the funds in my bank account without having to request a withdrawal.) Plus, the availability to designate the percent of Federal Tax withholding that stays constant until I decide to change it.
Rolling over a 401K to a Fidelity IRA was pretty easy. Anyone retiring or changing jobs should seriously consider it for 3 reasons: 1) more investment options - 100\'s instead of the few in a 401k, 2) better service - account managers and staffs compared with an outsourced service, and 3) much lower fees, especially with ETF\'s as an option.
I have ytied and tried to get help with &quot;investing&quot; my rollover account sinceaccomplishing my rollover this summer. Got confusing information from each customer service personel. Will be taking my account elsewhere
Any concerns or questions I\'ve had have always been answered promptly. My account executive, Robin, has been and continues to ease any worries my wife and I have with decisions with our IRA account.
I feel my assets are in good hands. Fidelity people exude trust and confidence. I appreciate their candor, honesty, friendliness, and expertise.
Good execution, useful website. I have no complaints whatsoever.
I was a Delaware state employee and was enrolled in Fidelity in a deferred saving plan while I worked. When I retired in 2011, I placed a part of my savings in Fidelity\'s Rollover IRA. I have always been extremely satisfied when I called customer service. My questions were always answered in a clear, understandable, friendly way. I have been pleased with both your on-line services and your phone customer service
Fidelity has some of the best pros in the Industry. Great online web service and really knowledgable advisors. So far, the best I have dealt with.
The conversion went well and the product provided gives me the tools I need to do my investments are good for researching my investments. The origional support I got in reviewing my goals and getting a recommedation in setting up portfolio was very valueable being succesfull during 2014 in meeting my goals. Going forward I am very interested in goingto one of the Fidelity education centers to get some one on one training on better using your tools
Establishing a new rollover account was simple and convenient online. Then the transfer from another management company to Fidelity was flawless. Special instructions were given when some funds were not able to be transferred in kind. I spoke with an agent when I had questions and was very please with the help.The Old Guy
I like the system just the way it is....however sometimes I would like to be able for the system to suggest to me other stocks or products I should look at in the same category that may give me a better returns!
When I had to rollover my 401K, Fidelity helped with all the transactions and figuring out where to put my money within the account.
I\'ve had this account for quite a few years and I not only enjoy the flexibility I have but also the amount of choices in investment vehicles. When I need advice, I just make a call and have the option to go to a local Fidelity office!
Great Account Executive in office close to home. Easy to use web site. I rebalance asset allocations and so on myself online and appreciate being able to do that.
I have had Rollover IRA for last couple of years. It is very convenient to Rollover. Many products are available, such as Mutual Funds, ETFs etc. Quite a few of them have no trading costs. Customer support is available 24x7.
Very good investment options at a fair price. Intuitive operation. Every other firm I\'ve work with had requirements that didn\'t make sense. The only thing I would change is one part of the web site. I like the formate of the quarterly report you send of my investments but it does not include my outside investments even though I check both accounts. Every time I go back to the analyze page it defaults back to just the fidelity brokerage account. I can create a report myself but the formate is not the same as you create.
Not good experience with the rollover IRA account. Please provide more infrormation about cash account trading restrictions.
ira mrd worked well as expected ---------------------
The Minimum Required Distribution shown on the Retirement Distributions Center web page does not report correctly for the year in which I turned 71.
It does not take into account that I deferred taking the MRD in the year I turned 70 1/2 until April 1 of the year I turned 71.
The MRD showing on the Fidelity Retirement Distributions Center web page should include the deferred amount.
I have everything I need with my account. It\'s easy to navigate with up to the minute updates. Very east to withdraw from and very fast service.
Very good experience with Fidelity. My advisor has assisted me build a balanced portfolio that I have been very pleased with.
Conscientious. In-depth analysis of personal risks and goals. Courteous, knowledgeable, and efficient staff.
Good to have back up with good advice to secure my retirement
When you click the research tab for a stock the information that comes up is not great. For example dividend yield is one item that does not immedietly come up . Google Finance has better information on a company with the first hit versus Fiedlity. Many times I have to go back to Google to get the information I need and then come back to Fidelity to make a trade if that was the decision made. Fidelity should at least have the information google has. If you want to know what Google has on the first hit just go to Google Finance and enter any stock symbol and see what comes up....thanks
I would appreciate having specific stock and bond picks offered to me by Fidelity. The accounts are without that needed input.
I have had the account for more than 20 yrs and I am very pleased with it.
My IRA was transferred to Fidelity last year and I have been very pleased with the ease of setting up investments and processing transactions. Also very satisfied with the paperless statements and availability of analytical tools to evaluate market conditions and investment potential This was the first year that Fidelity managed my RMD and the process worked smoothly. Very satisfied with Fidelity on all counts.
They have all the positive characteristics of a family...honesty, loyalty, integrity, helpfulness, and most of all, my best interests at heart . Fidelity, in every instance, has been there for me, and I feel, will always be there for me. The guidance, professionalism, and competency is outstanding. Everyone has financial products, only a very few have earned the mantel of trust that Fidelity enjoys.
Fidelity has provided a safe vehicle for conservative investment of my 401K savings from various employers. It has also allowed me to allocate portions of the IRA when events required it. I have had fairly simple goals, but they have provided a secure footing for my retirement (which I have been in for a year now).
I am relatively pleased with this product. It has not had any significant problems. Hopefully the future will continue to be seamless. Everyone should strive to maintain these accounts.
Very pleased with service I receive with Rollover IRA. I cannot get on my computer and prefer to get answers over the phone, especially on how to invest to get the most for my bucks.
This site integrates investment and research into a seamless grouping of useful pages.
I like to check on my account daily and Fidelity makes it easy to navigate the web site and all of its functions.
I like to make my own decisions. I am happy with the ease of investing and the speed in which my orders have been processed.
Have been with Fidelity a LONG TIME. Never had a problem with my previous 401K or my now rollover IRA. Easy access and trades/changes done quickly. Thanks Much!!
I like the clarity of the online site. I can pretty easily discern how well my investments are doing and make changes as needed. Most importantly, I can find out how my portfolio has performed (return). I have no complaints.
The conversion to a Fidelity rollover IRA was quick and easy. Fidelity reps were readily available in person and had information on planned investments at hand.
Your offering match my requirements at my age. I also like the flexibility of making changes within my portfolio.
I am very satisfied with my IRA rollover, easy to track funds, make changes or transfer money to other accounts.
It has been seven or eight months since I rolled over my account. Therefore the specifics of the transaction are not fresh in my mind. Overall a good experience and no major or minor issues with the process of rolling over.
NOTHING SPECIAL TO SAY ABOUT THIS ,JUST THE COMMUNICATION WITH THE PEOPLE NOT DOING GOOD THEY TAKE TO MUCH TIME TO SERVE WHAT YOU NEED WITH SO MANY QUESTION THAT SOME TIME COST YOU
I\'m very happy with the product and the service. I\'m glad I decided to go with Fidelity.
EASY TO MONITOR INVESTMENTS, MAKE TRADES, AND ANALYZE PERFORMANCE. ACCESS TO OTHER MUTUAL FUNDS IS A PLUS. AND INFORMATION INRE TO STATEMENTS AND TAX FORMS IS EASILY OBTAINED. OVERALL I FIND FIDELITY TO BE A GREAT COMPANY WITH GREAT SERVICE.
My Fidelity Rollover IRA is the perfect retirement financial vehicle. The huge number of investment options, the ease of selling/buying online, the convenience of withdrawal and the availability of financial advice are all reasons why I rate Fidelity excellent in all phases of their operation.
If a transaction fee is involved in the buy portion of a sell and buy transaction, the Fidelity system cannot execute the trade. I was required to execute a sell, wait for it to clear and then execute a buy. I was told the system is unable to automatically deduct the $49.95 transaction fee from my sell proceeds and execute the buy with the balance. It seems simple enough so why can\'t you do it?
The only improvement I can suggest is that you allow the direct transfer of shares from the IRA to the customers brokerage account .. without the necessity of selling and rebuying those share ..
Excellent online access system with low cost trading and fund availability. Excellent reporting system and performance features.
I just created a link between my bank and fidelity account, and opened a new mutual fund account. David (sorry forgot his last name) guided me step to step, and did an excellent job. The whole process took less than half an hour.
From the time that I first rolled over my workplace 401(k) to a self directed IRA, Fidelity has been very helpful. They are there in your corner but not &quot;in-your-face&quot;. I recently had questions and required help when it came time to put together my Required Minimum Distributions for 2013. The Fidelity agent practically did everything himself. He called when the funds were direct deposited to my checking account to make sure I was satisfied. I look at Fidelity as a knowledgeable and helpful friend.
Have moved most investments to be held within my Fidelity accounts to be able to access info from one site and benefit from the web site analytical tools. It is VERY convenient. Whenever I call the representatives or my personal advisor they always are pleasant, professional, and give accurate advice. All in all extremely pleased with Fidelity.
I have been with Fidelity for over 15 years now and like all the improvements that have been made. I think Fidelity is commented to innovation and on the cutting edge in keeping up with investment products.
very please with service and results. Working with Fidelity rep is very helpful.
I don\'t feel I got the assistance I needed to complete the rollover transaction I was wanting to happen. Perhaps, I am just not savvy enough with this website, or financial websites in general. Once I\'ve gotten a new estimate from the TRB in CY for purchasing 2 more years of service credit, I will again attempt to learn how to make this happen.
These days hard to tell what direction to go. Fidelity has been productive for me. Sometimes I think their help / service is geared for the high level expert in investments, not the everyday investor. I don\'t think that anyone else is better, though.
I rolled over my account into Fidelity with little or no problem. Fidelity has provided me excellent information to be able to make prudent decisions and provides occasional reviews of what they think is happening or might happen. I find it useful.
Lots of selections for my IRA. Lots of help if I have problems or questions. Great website that helps me manage my accounts. My account executive is always there for backup. Thanks.
I have had my Fidelty IRA for over 20 years. My actions have always been performed speedily and accurately. I cannot remember one mistake ever having been made by Fidelity. I will be happy to continue using Fidelity for years to come.
I originally began with my company 401K program. When retiring from my company, Fidelity made the transition easy to move over to IRA Account and was able to keep two of my investments. Fidelity understood my needs and not a high risk investor. Great Job!
The process was handled in an excellent manner by yor personnel.
I have had an excellent experience with Fidelity. Thank you for all you do.
An IRA at Fidelity is an excellent vehicle at a low cost. The ease of use and resources provided by Fid. make investing smooth and reliable. Fid is always ready to answer questions and ofen provides information before the need for it occurs to me. I spent over 40 years working on Wall St. and when I retired Fidelity was my first choice. Fidelity was considered the number one client of every firm I worked for.
Every thing I do at the website and phone service is quick and easy to use
Local representatives helpful and accessible. Have received good advice regarding selection of funds and balancing the portfolio. The systematic withdrawal plan that automatically sets up the MRD is very convenient.
So far, I have enjoyed the level of attention to my investment needs that I expected. Now, if the market would only cooperate and increase in value it would be a home run.
The convenience of working with the website for changes and the broad selection, of investment options make for a great tool. Customer assistance in the distribution process is valued by me.
The improvement that I really would like is to get an annual statement of the account, rather than the monthly statements. An annual statement is available for my employer\'s 401k account and is preferable to the monthly statement.
Regards, Etha McDowell
I am very pleased with Fidelity investment and customer support
I did as much research as I could on my former employees fund offerings from their 401k plan. I listened to the older folks their and followed their advice for 15+ years... save, save, save. In parallel I did my own investing with an account I opened at Fidelity, so when I eventually moved to another firm to advance my career, I could not wait to roll over my 401k into a traditional IRA at Fidelity with all they have to offer. The advisor sat me down and worked with me in such a professional way, that to this day, 6 years later I still have a smile on my face. He helped me put together the most diversified portfolio to weather all storms... and it has. Do yourself a favour, walk into a Fidelity office or call them... check out their investment tools online... these guys inspire you to reach your financial goals.
I cant navigate this web site easily trying to reestablish my beneficiaries which I feel I should not have to do since I am going from a 401k to an ira within fidelity.
I had a rollover request for which i called Fidelity to find out what needs to be done. Initially i got the feel that they were not very helpful but i got over it and submitted my paperwork anyways. Its been 45 + days when i did not see that happen i called on 01-18-14 to be told that i have to resubmit the paperwork. Its time to look into some other company . If a company does not take my money &amp; business seriously its time for me to look for somebody else.
Wanted to start and fund a Roth IRA for wife who is not working. Was told I could not do this even after quoting the IRS sheet saying it was legal.
While they have been helpful you can not take all their advice as gospel
Not only is your web-site a disaster to find information, your phone service is busy. I am re-considering investing with a different firm, since you seem to have enough business and can\'t help!
Fidelity did a great job with my rollover. The process was fast and I didn\'t have to do much on my end. I have worked for some of Fidelity\'s biggest competitors and I can confidently say that Fidelity is light years ahead of them in service, technology, and overall customer satisfaction. I have been suggesting Fidelity to all my friends and family as the place to roll over their old assets because of the fast and clean platform to manage their money. Fidelity\'s reps are always friendly and helpful and do not go overboard in suggesting other products. I vouch for Fidelity. I hope to achiece all my financial goals with them.
I have three different accounts (Rollover IRA, ROTH IRA and Tryst) with Fidelity. I have been with Fidelity over 20 years and have been extremely satisfied. When I Have a question, I get it clearly answered in one telephone call. They have been extremely courteous and helpful which is very unusual.
My roll over IRA has so many possible investment choices. The fees are also low, usually less than 1%. With an investment advisor we typically paid 4% in fees. I prefer keeping the extra money that I earned. I changed jobs and also have Fidelity for my 401k. The 401k choices for funds are much more limited.
Been waiting a while to roll over my 401k due to the fact it takes a bunch of phone calls etc. No different. Website transposed my name. Now have to go through name change on account etc. Actually more inconvenient than before. :{
I have received excellent on-on-one, telephone and Web site service during the 8 years I\'ve been with Fidelity. There are excellent reviews and various status reports that are very helpful. I do everything on line including statements without any problems. Many thanks Fidelity.
Tried to transfer from a Fidelity 401(k) to a Fidelity IRA.
Never heard of Adobe Acrobat?
Second, they will offer to use FAX, which personally I haven\'t had access to since the 90s. Seriously.
It is ideal for Roll Over individuals and I like the investment option
The rollover was easy. The fees are great. The education options are great and the support staff is wonderful.
I like Fidelity a lot but would like to see the mobile apps include trading options for other than stocks and ETFs, and include extended hours trading options. I much prefer iPad access to my accounts but limited functionality reduces my ability to manage my account easily. I suffer from a vision impairment and the iPad is much easier to see than my laptop. While I can access Fidelity via Safari and get full functionality, an enhanced mobile app would be very favorably received
While I was building my IRA, I was happy that it was tax exempt. Now that I have been retired for a dozen years, I wish I didn\'t owe so much of it to the IRS.. I started transferring some to a Roth last year but I wish I had started sooner.
I am presently looking at more simplification and consolidation to allow me to have fewer funds, mostly ETFs and no load Index funds, it would make it easier to manage and understand. I have more than 25 funds and would like to have 6 to 10.
Nice solid program to manage my rollover 401k from a prior employer.
I wish someone had reminded me that I should have used all my cash money outside my IRA\'s before taking the money out of my tax differed funds. That comment would have changed my approach entirely.
Your people is very helpful, The persons that I talked with they had a lots of knowledge and willing to work with you in order to get the right investment.
I manage my own account and find the Fidelity team always courteous and most helpful. appreciate the ability to know each day the status and love the ease of trading on line. Recently transferred stock certificates to a joint account and a difficult task was made easy with specia forms and advice. Thanks. Ben Moore
I cannot say enough good about fidelity they are allways their for you with good sound advice and also no pressure to do anything .It is up to you you make the final choice on what you want to do .
The customer service has been excellent since my first contact with Fidelity. No fluff; just facts.
I HAVE AN EXCELLENT SELECTION OF FUNDS WITH GOOD DIVERSITY. I PREFER INDEX FUNDS AS TO KEEP EXPENSES DOWN. I LIKE THE INFO AND GUIDANCE I RECEIVE FROM MY ACCOUNT MGR.
I have requested many times to have the ability to track visually my total account value on a daily or other basis. It would be great if I could also SEE my dividends all grouped together. Something like what a manager of a Mutual Fund might have since really what I have is my own personal fund of equities. I\'m always told that &quot;we value all comments and we want to satisfy all customer request but that may take time. I have seen no effort to satisfy this customer request. I am therefor unsatisfied. Also the one on one consulting services that I got just about a year ago in Portland were almost meaningless to provide any real, helpful advice, direction of managing my investment and future retirement. Very fluffy!
-Rich
I think that with the exception of choosing distribution in shares vs cash, the process was pretty straighforward.
I do think of Fidelity with any type of retirement savings and have recommended you often to others.
I\'m very satisfied with the Rollover IRA. Doing everything on line has been very reliable and easy to use. And the price is right.
Moving my Ira to fidelity was a wise choice. The information available is useful in decision making and makes it easy to track my stocks and buy and sell. If there was one area I would like to see improved it would be the ability to purchase IPO\'s. everyone should have the ability to invest in new opportunities not just a subset.
I trust Fidelity. MY IRA is available to me anytime. I am able to completely manage my own account. Fidelity\'s brokerage service is very responsive. When I do personally contact customer service the people I work with are very helpful and easy to talk with, and knowledgeable. Fidelity keeps finding new ways to make capital allocation secure and easy. Most inportant...I TRUST FIDELITY.
Not sure why you would choose any other provider. Fidelity has it all and gives you the tools to manage your account with confidence.
I have a 401k, IRA, and money market account with Fidelity. Love the website; well managed, easy to navigate.
Would like to see more informative economic analysis.
The Fidelity characteristic I like best is the consistency of good customer service. I have had a Fidelity account for many years and have never been disappointed. Also the handling of paperwork and follow up by Fidelity representatives is very good. I have gradually consolidated my accounts with Fidelity and look forward to continued good service in my retirement.
The website is easy to use. The fees are reasonable if you make your own investment decisions.
I am a Fidelity client for many years and I am glad I choose Fidelity . Thank you for making the financial part of my life easy.
.
A good company offering a large selection of investment options.
Easy to do business with having excellent customer servide
All this in an age if milliseconds trading! The Pony Express delivered letters faster than I am able to move my funds around. Not acceptable.
Fidelity makes investing interesting because if its friendly and reliable service.
The initial rollover was a pretty simple transaction. Where Fidelity was lacking is the interaction with the agent that assisted me. There was no help offered with regards to how to reinvest the money, or the steps that would be required once the account was setup. It sat for a few months until I was speaking to my father in-law about it and we went on-line to look into it.
Would like to have a longer password to log on to my account so that I could use the same scheme as I use on my other secure sites.
My wife and I have used your services for years. I know you publish your percentage fees you charge for your funds. Why not be the first to actually write the dollar amount charges per fund on your monthly statement. Perhaps the industry might sit up and take notice. It\'s as competitive as ever, why not be innovative?
Because my account is self directed I do not hear from Fidelity proactively. However, when I do call I get prompt responses although advice is not dispensed. Just reinforcement of my opinions.
There were many offers to rollover 401K\'s into a Fidelty IRA so I did and never received my bonus.
I am really annoyed that the IRA does not provide a personalized rate of return. My accounted originated with my former employer, as a 401(k), and I rolled the balance into this IRA when I left there. When I contacted customer service about the missing feature, it was explained that, essentially, that was a premium feature.
I\'m otherwise satisfied with the product, but will certainly entertain (favorably) a similar product that includes the rate of return feature.
Excellent access, online help when needed or wanted. Reminders come timely. Easy to setup and adjust if necessary.
It seems to take a long time to receive a check when making a withdrawal from my IRA. My last withdrawal took about l week. I don\'t understand why it can\'t be an almost immediate transfer of funds.
Offers excellent no load funds from wide variety of providers.
I wish to make my own decisions on the investments, and this IRA allows me to do that in a very convenient manner.
Efficient enrollment process and good customer service. I would like to see more financial planning to low risk investment tools.
Convenience in managing your account from home (with a secure source), when you need to perform a transaction outside the normal business hours.
good for data reviewing whit current uptodate information
I like the web site.The people at premium have always been helpful.Its bice to be able to speak one on one with a person.
Just push a button and it all rolled over without any effort.
Great knowledgeable service, i recommend for all my friends and family to give fedelity a try. They will not be sorry.
Easy to use online account. Good display of information. very reasonable fees. Research is good.
I review my accounts online daily. I am very pleased with the convenience of online and easy access to review my three accounts, personal, roll-over IRA and Traditional IRA.
EASY TO ACCESS AND TO WORK WITH. ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE IS KNOWLEDGEBLE AND HELPFUL. SOFTWARE IS FABULOUS.
My anxiety about how I would manage my money in retirement have proven to be unwarranted thanks to my Fidelity Rollover IRA.
The &quot;cash available to trade screen&quot; is misleading and should be changed in IRA accounts to reflect &quot;settled cash&quot; on an intra-day basis. When placing a trade that will create a &quot;good faith&quot; violation, a caution should be placed on the trading screen that would allow the buyer to stop to trade prior to execution.
Rolling over an IRA from a previous employer to the Fidelity account was easy and convenient. However, once I had rolled the funds into Fidelity, I discovered the options for investing the funds were &quot;limited&quot;. Let me explain. I wanted to invest portions of the funds into 3 or 4 different mutual funds. However, they weren\'t &quot;Fidelity funds&quot; and thus carried what I perceived to a steep penalty to invest outside the Fidelity family of funds. I don\'t consider that to be the depth of service you would expect from Fidelity. That\'s especially true as in total, I have nearly $400K invested with Fidelity.
Your help has been so easy and fun! I can make changes and understand the process very well.
Would like to sell and transfer to joint account, without transfer selling to money market and than transfering to joint account
Recent enhancements are nice but basic system problems are bothersome. EFT\'s are 15-minute delayed while stocks are real-time. Advanced charts are slow and the IE &quot;display mixed content&quot; pop-up box is stupid; it\'s a chart, not any private information. There is no way to get back to Portfolio Research from Latest News without an error that requires &quot;Refresh&quot;. Why do I have to use Adobe to participate in web information sessions? Why aren\'t there streaming quotes while you are trading? I have told Fidelity and sent queries many times regarding but nothing has been done.
Upon retirement, my wife and I consolidated our 401k\'s Into the Fidelity Rollover IRA. We have easy and quick online access to our funds, reports and helpful investment news if we choose to take advantage of it.
Had this account in various forms for thirty years, with no complaints. Definitely a keeper.
I rolled over my 401k with confidence and knowledge of security. The people at Fidelity were very helpful and friendly. I visited the local location and called the phone associates and all were great.
Fidelity returned the paperwork to the bank I was transferring the IRA to twice, delaying about a month the transaction. They could have done a wire transfer near the end, when thing had gone so poorly but did not. They could have phoned,emailed or contacted me to resolve any issues with the bank, instead they just wasted tons of time sending the package back in the mail, twice. From my complaint Fidelity did assist me with some lost interest from their delays.
Provides good tool for retirement planning and forecasting. It needs to be expanded to update and include non-Fidelity portfolio value dynamiccally.
Fidelity\'s research is sometimes cumbersome. Yahoo Finance is quicker.
I trust you.
Moving from a workplace 401(k) to a Fidelity rollover IRA was an easy process. The workplace 401(k) had recently added brokerage service that made me familiar with navigating the Fidelity website. This feature in addition to the wonderful research tools is the reason I chose Fidelity when I chose to rollover my account. The IRA gives me complete freedom to manage my investments. At the same time I have consulted with knowledgeable Fidelity team members who have quickly answered questions and offered guidance on withdrawals and other tools.
I suggest that routine correspondence could be done on E-mail.
As we travel we depend upon a network of persons and institutions to guide us and keep us safe. With our retirement we have depended upon Fidelity to provide us with reliable information an services. Our trust has been fully honored. THANK YOU!
I have been very please with Fidelity and my advisor. He is always there when I have questions.
I rolled over a 401k account to Fidelity just out of convenience since that is who the employer used. I\'ve done this with 2 401k funds and also have a brokerage account since a third employer decided to switch agents for their stock program. No one from Fidelity ever calls me about my accounts; no one offers advice or guidance. They take your money and see you later. I have a pretty sizable overall portfolio most of which is with another provider who has actually taken the time to get to know me as a person and to understand my financial goals and needs. As soon as all the stock awards have vested, I will consolidate all of my holdings with another provider, not Fidelity.
The thing I like best is the ease of use. I can easily research, change investments, or withdraw funds.
i receive very little guidance from my representative. I need to find my own investments!
Fidelity has been great from the start (1990 for me) and you have made continuous improvements over time. Great online tools, fast and low cost transactions. You have added investment products over time. Have attended several of your live and online seminars and they are very helpful. On the rare occasions when I have needed to talk to a Fidelity person, they have been very knowledgable and helpful.
The web access is very intuitive and user friendly.
I never worry about Fidelity holding my funds. Great trading platform with Active Trader Pro, great support from the Atlanta team.
I like to put stop losses based on support levels and moving averages. It would be nice if your charting program were a little more sophisticated so that I don\'t have to go back and forth checking with the free Yahoo Finance charts.
Our account rep quickly directed us on how to streamline our investments. We are quite happy with our single sign on view of our accounts
Felt I got good guidence from my advisor, everyone I have contacted has been intelligent, helpful and nice. And I trust Fidelity more than other firms I\'ve dealt with.
The features include clear navigation screens, graphing of positions, and ability to research positions.
I think you provide an excellent service overall. The only thing I would like to see you do is, when you send me a confirmation of a trade, tell me in the email specifically which trade it is.
Fidelity makes it easy to roll over to an IRA account.
I love all the services provided by Fidelity especially the ease of buying and selling, the smart checking, transfers and online check deposits, and bill paying.
I felt that the rollover was a big waste of my time. Had to go to your office multiple times to verify info and sign forms, which I already did online.
Worked like a charm with no issues at all. This is just one of the reasons I use Fidelity for all my investments.
This was my husbands 401K and Fidelity made it relatively easy to assume his 401K after he died. It\'s a difficult enough time for me right now, so making these things easy is very important.
Our Fidelity rollover has worked well for us. Our Fidelity Rep does a great job of answering questions and helping execute transactions. We have a comfortable feeling about our accounts.
My Fidelity Rollover IRA account has provided the excellence that I would expect with Fidelity in terms of fund selection, customer service and web site quality. However, there is a feature missing that could easily be added. When my funds were on the Fidelity 401K side of the business with my employer, I had some great tools available to rebalance my portfolio (by percentage of holdings or by dollar amount) at intervals I could customize. These tools disappeared once I rolled over the account into the IRA side of the business. Please incorporate those rebalance tools everywhere (even in regular non-retirement accounts) - they are extremely useful tools. Also, Fidelity could have lower management fees for the actively managed funds - for such a large fund company (with such immense buying power), the fees seem a little high.
It took me a while to get used to it as the information was so complete, however that is what makes the pages helpful without so many back and forth efforts.
I am anxious to see the new Mutual Fund pages you have coming as I used that investing mode most often
Keep up the very good work. Keep up the very good work
trade executions are frustratingly slow. even when another site gives that quote. wonder why!
Good investment choices for my IRA and user-friendly online experience. I find the online applications particularly useful, especially the minimum required distribution calculator since I\'m over 70 1/2. I\'ve never had any problems with security and the record keeping is extremely detailed and helpful.
Have recommend fidelity to all my friend , that should give you a idea on how I feel about fidelity .
I think Fidelity has best balance of account access, support for Quicken downloads, fairly low fees, good ability to trade and regular newsletters. Account Execs are there if you need them, but do not pester with sales calls. I know where they are if I need them
Roll over was much smoother than i expected.
Thanks
I\'ve been rolling over my company 401K\'s into a Fidelity IRA for many years. The website has excellent tools to estimate retirement needs and forecasting.
I have not changed jobs or retired. However, I did reach a magical age where I could transfer my 401K funds to a self-directed IRA with no adverse tax consequence.
I am meeting with a rep in Ann Arbor, Mi. on this coming Monday to completely review my all investments.
This was a very smooth and easy transaction. The Fidelity representatives I dealt with were all very professional and knowledgeable.
Fidelity was an excellant choice for my IRA rollover
Easy to access, work with and understand. Multiple useful web pages and good functionality.
My IRA has been with Fidelity over the past eighteen years, and during that time my overall experience with the account, the services Fidelity provides, and its representatives, has been excellent.
easy to use and the investment choices are many. I love it.
I am happy with my rollover IRA and feel that the account managers that I have been assigned have been helpful and made good suggestions for me. Possibly one of them was not completely in sync with me but he was not really wrong I just did not feel comfortable with him. I try not to meddle on a daily basis with my accounts. When I have a question I contact my account manager and he helps me with making decisions. Since I am not a sophisciated investor I rely on your counsel and it has not steered me wrong, at least not that I am aware of. The only suggestion that I might have is that if you are aware of the fact that I am in a fund that is underperfoming or not one to keep I would appreciate knowing that.
I\'ve enjoyed the simplicity of my account, as I have kept complete investment control. I\'ve gained by having a Fidelity representative who appears to have interest in my account and investment choices.
Fidelity offers an excellent web site and an unmatched number of investment choices to manage my IRA. I am always looking for lower fees and they do an adequate job in that area. I grew up using mutual funds, but may have to switch to ETF\'s if Fidelity doesn\'t do more to match the low fees and instant redemptions. Fidelity has made it easy to use the computer at home to manage my investments.
I do a lot of account/fund research so it\'s helpful for me to know how much each of my funds were worth on a given day in the past. I have had my retirement money at other companies in the past that allowed me to key in a date, and view my fund performance through that day. I would really like to have this historical data made available to me.
I was encouraged, practically hounded, to seek personal help at a Fidelity service center when rolling over my 401k to an IRA and choosing my investments. I received NO help choosing my investments as promised because I did not choose to have a managed account. I thought this was all a waste of time and very misleading. I made all of my own choices and I hope they were the right ones. Now I am trying to figure out how to move investments around and buy stock with my core account. Questions to Fidelity still send me to printed answers.
Happy with the service and the value.
Satisfied with one exception. The IRA does not allow for dividends to be paid out automatically. I must do this manually, though electronic funds transfers are simple.
I started my investment relationship back in 1993 through my employer and then did a rollover from that account to an IRA. I have been pleased with your handling of these funds, although I did take some of the funds from here to diversify since I\'m afraid of having all my &quot;eggs in one basket.&quot;
Three years after I left my last employer I finally decided to roll over my 401k to an IRA. Fidelity made it easy. When I had a question they were just a phone call away with the answer. They also put me in touch with a local Fidelity advisor who helped even further. Thank you Fidelity.
My account has been handled exactly as I have requested. And, the agent that calls is very professional and friendly.
I enjoyed the investment flexibility I acquired after rollling my 401K over to Fidelity IRA. The process was simple, quick, and done with great professionalism on the part of the individual I spoke with.
Rollover account offers a large choice of stocks, mutual funds and ETF\'s. More choices than are available in the standard 401k account. I like the ability to buy and sell ETF\'s in this up and down market.
Fidelity has a very well designed accounts page coupled with their value and great customer service make them second to none.
great customer service and feedback from Fidelity administrators and account managers.
If I had not already put my funds in Fidelity, I would have deposited them elsewhere. I found your customer service severely lacking, with errors that almost cost me the house I planned to purchase. Luckily, after a number of phone calls, I was able to put the close day off by one day.
Very good service, timely access to the IRA funds.
Would like to be able to get info on contributions and distributions from all pages without having to go to specific accounts
Helpful staff and on-line processes very easy. Thank you so much
I like the convenience of going in every 6 months and making investment changes recommended by Fidelity for my conservative investment theme.
I am interested in owning stocks. The IRA provides the research I need and the trades are fast at a fair price.. I can follow my account at the web site.
Since I rollover my 401(k) to Fidelity, I have been very satisfied with their services: from staking care of my MRD to exicution of stocks orders.
I was really amazed when I first called Fidelity and realized how easy it was to establish my Individual IRA account and rollover from my previous employers 401(k).
Fidelity manages current account at work. Wanted to roll over two different accounts into Fidelity from elsewhere. Filled out papers appropriately and fully to allow transaction to occur. Spoke with very friendly and high energy individual who assured my needs would be met and instructions to transfer and then sell convert to cash allowing new construction of approach and investment. This was to follow discussions and advise. Part of transfer was made. No changes were implemented and rest of my IRA still sits elsewhere. Very unhappy and in fact surprised with lack of effort to do anything. No confidence in Fidelity for supporting any of my interests or needs at all.
Clicking on links inside the account bring up new windows in a flash. Also, details on the pages are as concise as needed and lend no confusion.
I do not understand why canadian holdings in my portfolio are not priced during the day. I know you have the info because I can lookup the stock symbol and get a current price Surely with the talent I KNOW you have in IT this would not be a big deal.
Fidelity provides me with all the tools I need to manage my rollover IRA, and I use those tools to support one of my maxims in life which is to be self-reliant (on just about everything). With that being said I am completely satisfied with the products and service, and do a fair amount of research at my own pace, and make 100% of my own investment decisions. Because I am self-reliant I use the resources on the website to make my decisions and will not use any additional outside help. If Fidelity tries to communicate with me and I don\'t respond it doesn\\u2019t mean I am unhappy. It means I am not looking for any additional help at this time.
You are ok. You do nothing special that others don\'t do. You are just one of many
My rollover was not accomplished in the most efficient way with my employer and cost me a substantial amount of money due to poor coordination that took place by both parties.
Last time I checked, I would have to drive about 200 miles to Chicago to see a Fidelity human being. That leaves me feeling disconnected from the help I need. I don\'t really like camping on an automated telephone system that tells me how valuable a customer I am while waiting in queue for the next available agent. That\'s not service.
I enjoy being able to check my account on line and get tips. The personal phone calls and ability to talk with someone has been an added bonus as I get nearer to retirement.
I could use more advice about the review and re-distribution of my assets.
Fidelity runs a good wide spectrum of funds and makes another larger group very available for investors. The online service and web site is probably why I have stayed with them.
They are not always the least expensive, although the fund prices are reasonably so, and they can be a bit difficult if one wants a specific class of someone elses fund.
I like my Fidelity rollover IRA not only because of its grand total but also because Fidelity\'s website makes it so easy to slice and dice that grand total. I do my own investing with Fidelity because Fidelity gives me all the tools to use in investment decisions. (The tool I am impressed with the most is the Retirement Income Planner.) I believe (and tell others) that Fidelity has the most user-friendly website in the financial management industry.
I enjoy using the Fidelity website to review my portfolio. The analysis tools, historical information, and different investment options are pretty easy to review. Fidelity also contimues to process enhancements to the site to increase the options available for viewing data.
Your patience with my questions on my little IRA are very helpful. Just wish I could do more!
Have confidence in Fidelity . I am about to recommend to a friend to do a &quot;Tranfer In Kind&quot;
I\'ve given this feedback before, but my suggestion still has not been implemented. Before recent changes, Fidelity had information at the bottom of portfolio activity that was labeled &quot;not included in totals&quot; or something to that effect. It was basically, the amount of activity such as mutual funds that reflected the prior days activity. Currently, if you look at a day\'s activity, you must add mutual funds changes and subtract the change from the total to see the day\'s &quot;actual&quot; activity change. After the mutual funds update later that evening, the true change for the day is reflected.
the agent I spoke with was helpful, khowledgable, and very interested with what i wanted to do and understood
I do all of my own investing, find my own investment ideas, but my research partner is Fidelity. All of the tools I need to make an informed decision are at my finger tips on the web site. Getting the most out of a new idea depends on speed and timing and Fidelity gives me both. I also find that a lot of the articles posted to the site help me find safe, reliable and unseen (by the thundering herd) investments.
I\'ve been with Fidelity for a long time and I think that says it all. Everytime I needed clarification and help I have got it right away.
Very satisfied. I have had my account for about 6 years.
I appreciate the opportunity to take advantage of IPO based on my account balance, but it is very obvious Fidelity caters to the higher valued clients first with IPO offerings. IPO opportunities are one of the main reasons I am with Fidelity. Based on recent experiences with IPOs, the value of staying with Fidelity has diminished.
I have been using Fidelity for over 10 years.Good company.
Your online/phone staff is very good. However, I had the misfortune to deal with one of your in house representatives here in the Woodlands Texas. His service was horrible. If I had not been getting good service from you on line/phone staff I would have moved my account.
As I notified someone at your branch in Brea, my husband George Sargeant passed away on May 2, 2012. One day soon I need to get together with someone at your office to go over what all is in this account, he always took care of this and he died very suddenly of cancer.
Winnie Sargeant, wife of George Sargeant
The account itself, the investment choices are all adequate and get the job done.
I always reach helpful Fidelity personnel that answer all my questions and concerns. It is the best investment company I have ever delt with. I recommend your service to all my friends.
I feel like I have no relationship with Fidelity like I have with my bank. Although I have money in an account and have made several calls no one seems to get back with me even after hearing the person I first met when I completed my rollover was no longer with the company. The TV ads are great but I don\'t feel what I see on TV is what is being delivered.
good service great call help when a question is asked like the folks who answer and solve any problems encountered
trades are fast and accurate.
Account is nothing special. While easy to access, difficult to talk with someone or get help with the research section to understand the data for a given mutual fund or stock.
It would be good to offer reminders once in awhile about the easiest ways to make a move (either trade, buy or sell) on a held stock or fund where indviduals view their personal holdings on your website.
Find your investment advisors knowledgeable and eager to help.
Attempts to coordinate a portfolio review with a Fidelity representative have yielded discouraging results despite leaving messages for a call back and a request for follow up. As a Fidelity Premium Services client, this has been dissapointing. If I was not so busy with work, I would take the time to find an alternate IRA account holder. I even called to confirm an appointment, and before I left my office to come to the appointment, I had called to confirm, and there was no record of having this appointment and could not contact the local office directly, except via a central number who could not give me the information I needed to speak directly to the person I had an appointment with. The lines at the local office were not available, and I did not receive a return call back
After significant hype and sales pressure, I moved some of my 401K into an IRA Rollover. Then Fidelity increased the fees charged on the rollover accounts but created lower fee structures for the 401 K that I was using. When I asked to return the amount moved, back to my 401 K it was denied. So now I\'m stuck with paying your higher user fees on what I moved to the IRA rollover. I\'m thankful that I only moved a part of my 401 portfolio.
I like the research options that Fidelity provides but I would like more clarity around the total expenses of the different funds that are available.
I am very happy with Fidelity. I find the online features to be very helpful.
We have found the online tools and phone support have been very good. Easy to use and easy to develop the reports i need. Transactions are also easy to complete
