Great customer service - 24/7. Wide variety of investment tools available - a must in ever changing market conditions.
When I opened this account everyone was helpful and eager to please but since I have tried reaching out several times for assistance and have yet to hear from anyone. Very Disappointing.<br />Please 86 the security questions....
Fidelity was forced upon me by my employer. I have the option of moving my money out of Fidelity but have decided to give Fidelity a chance for a few years to see how they compare. So far, I would judge Fidelity to be average. Access to real people has some pluses and minuses. The website is both easy and difficult to navigate. We\'ll see how things improve (or not) with time as I learn how to work with Fidelity. You are welcome to ask me again next year.
The rolling over of one of my 401k accounts to an IRA was seamless and paperless!
Typical Fidelity excellent customer service, results, ease of use, and overall value. The only negative is that I don\'t like paying 12b-1 fees.
Reps do not respond to inquiries. Each year, my tax forms are delayed further. This year it is sometime in March before Fidelity can produce what maybe will be an accurate 1099 form. They usually have to send corrections later so if you have filed, you will have to file an amended return. Poor business for such a large business as Fidelity.
had a telephone conference prescheduled to discuss how to invest monies from a recent rollover I received a e-mail confirmation from my Walnut Creek, Ca branch. No call was received and no attempt from Fidelity to reschedule or make amends have been received.
turn over went well. No problems encountered.. Very pleased.
The rollover from my company 401K to a Fidelity IRA when I retired, was easy to set up and easy to withdraw if a withdrawal is needed. The Customer Service Rep that helped me set up the account was very knowledgeable and courteous making it a smooth and simple transition.
I rolled over my 401K after changing jobs and am very happy with both the products available and the service.
Helpful staff both on the phone and in the center, The rollover when smoothly .
The search categories seem to broad. The mutual fund data is sometimes more than a quarter out of date.
process of transferring assets was easy and went smoothly. The site is easily navigated and therefore easy to use
The ease and convenience in using the website I really love. The information available in the research folder is awesome! I love having control over my IRA. Being able to make my own investing decisions are great! I only had to talk to customer service when I initially set up the account. Customer service was thorough and excellent.
We manage our own funds within our IRA and have found the web access very easy to use - wtih clear information and instructions. On the few occasions where we needed to contact a representative, we have found them to be very knowledgable and helpful.
Meets all my deferred savings needs with great choices of investments options.
Every thing is fine. Don\'t have a review. I like what I got.
It took some time to get everything in order. I think it is now complete.
Since I moved my 401K to an IRA the gentleman that assisted has been promoted. I am not sure who my working agent is so I can contact them for assistance when an if I need them.
This should be made very obvious to everyone, so that the investor can make the appropriate choices when needed.
Tried to get a face to face appointment. Once I finally did I was made to wait in one waiting room 20minutes before being moved to another waiting room for 15min before I got up and drove back to work. No respect for me or my time, no call to appologise. I asked the on line folks for the mangers name and was denied but told that they would contact him and I would hear from him, this never happened. I called again and this time got a managers name, I called him and never got a return call, waited a few weeks tried again ..nothing. Called the call center and they got him to return my call. He gave me a new rep to visit face to face and this guy made it difficult to get an appointment even for a phone call. I give up, will work with the call center, they are curtious and knowledgeable, If you want to actually see the local team take your business elsewhere.
Everything is Aok, dispite a current bearish market. Hopefully, 2015 will be more bullish.
Customer service department took the time to walk me through all of the functions I needed. They made me feel so important and welcomed me to call anytime. I can manage my account pretty well on my own but know that they are just a phone call away and friendly!<br />Navigating the website is easy. Thank you
great job at anticipating customer questions. answers were clear and free of financial guru jargon.
Not a peep from anyone @ Fidelity about what I should do with my money. Even when I asked when in your office in Delaware County Ohio. As tho since I didn\'t have a six figure fund I was a leper.
Especially liked the greater ability to control what funds I want to invest in.
Still difficult to shop for and find bonds to buy. Should be an easier way to get it done.
I am a bit disappointed with Fidelity in general. I am not very knowledgeable about my finances and have asked for someone to assist me several times with no response. The nearest office is an hour away. I am considering changing companies especially now with my employer cutting my hours has left me in a financial disaster. I am very disappointed with Fidelity.
I had my IRA money in two different places, so I decided to consolidate it and move it to Fidelity. I have dealt with Fidelity off and on over the years and have always enjoyed the experience. I do most of my financial activity online, so Fidelity\'s web site is very important to me. It is superb! I have no complaints and am 100% satisfied at this incipient point in time.
The Rollover IRA is an excellent tool that allows one to continue to grow capital on a tax deferred basis. Anyone can choose the products (e.g., stock and bond mutual funds, ETFs, individual stocks, bonds, etc.) that match their own risk/reward profile. There is also a strong support team available to answer any questions or give advice when necessary.
The rollover for us was in 3 steps. First, last year went smoothly as well as the second. The third will take place within the next 4 weeks and I expect the same result, which is fast and easy.
Functions as expected but have no expierence at other firms.
Pretty much hassle-free. Commission rate is wonderful.
It would be more convenient to me if there was an option on to see the annuallized percentage gain/loss of my individual holdings in addition too the existing &quot;gain since purchased&quot; info.
I can appreciate that Fidelity is in the business of making money, but I do think this particular item is a poor choice. The incremental cost surely is negligible to you, but would be of great value to your customers, and perhaps better engage them with your product.
Telephone service and counter service at local<br />office is excellent.
Need more active advising from Fidelity. I am not a money manager and I would like Fidelity to sometimes give me a hint if my funds should be re-arranged etc.
EXCELLENT PROGRAM - NEED MORE SEMINARS ON PERFORMANCE/TAXES/WILLS,ETC.
Wanted to transfer \'pre-tax\' contributions from former employer 401K plan with minima/no tax consequences. Advisor explained I could \'roll-over\' tax-free the earnings portion on pre-tax contributions to a roll-over IRA. All was very easy to understand and quickly accomplished
I have a severe hearing problem, so telephone conferencing is not good for me. Why is there not an office in fort Myers I can stop in at and discuss things on a one on one basis, without having to drive to Naples for such a conference!!!
The gentleman who helped me made the process easy to do.
Since then I have found the website and services very easy to use !
I don\'t know anything about investing and depend on Fidelity to take care of me. I haven\'t heard anything from my broker since I consolidated my accounts, but to be fair, I don\'t know what I would expect him to say since I had the same experience with my previous company.
I am secure with the choices that I have made with Fidelity.
