I recently found out by chance that the representative I was dealing with had left Fidelity. NO contact has been made by the new representative at all regarding my account. While Fidelity seemed to be a fair and decent place to park my money. I am quite saddened to say the least of the utter lack of communication from Fidelity especially given the change of the representative.
I like having the ability to invest in a broad array of investment products within my IRA. The options within my prior 401k were limited to only a select group of mutual funds. With my Fidelity IRA, I can invest in individual stocks, ETF\'s, and CEF\'s.
Useless website for rollover of 401k.<br />Phone Customer service is good but only on weekdays. Shut on weekends. Here\'s an idea - stay open for a few hours at least on weekends when most people can talk about their financial details from home since they are not in office.
After 30 minutes in the website, and another 30 minutes on hold on the customer service phone #, I cannot seem to get the payee name and address for my existing Fidelity IRA account which I need to tell my 401k plan where to send the rollover check. I finally gave up and hung up the phone call after 30 minutes on hold with customer service.
Very easy to rollover into IRA with a multitude of investment options
Good return, self directed. Miss the<br />courses given in Highland Park.
I am a longtime Fidelity 401K Rollover customer and I get disappointed with Fidelity every year at tax time on how long it takes them to issue a 1099 tax form. Now they are saying March 4! The longest time of any account that I receive a tax form for. Why can\'t they do this faster? I like most everything else about Fidelity - I would rate 5 stars if this issue was fixed /
Thank you! I am very pleased with Fidelity\'s Rollover IRA. You very professionally and satisfactorily helped someone with no knowledge of how to handle this phase of life after retirement.
Love the increase value of my IRA, and availability of customer service.
I started using the Fidelity website and Active Trader Pro to manage my investment including my IRA(s). Very easy to use and understand. Very reliable. Recommend it for sure.
This is a great option, you get a lot of flexibility and it couldn\'t have been easier to make trades. The customer service person I spoke with was very polite and helpful and he was able to teach me how to trade in just a few minutes. This is exactly what I was looking for.
I have had my Fidelity accounts since 86, both IRA\'s and taxable Brokerage. They have always been accurate and up to date. Their call in support has been accurate and knowledgeable. I have always felt confident with their handling of my accounts.
Excellent and very satisfactory. What more can I say but that I am very pleased.
any questions I had were answered by customer service staff
I tried setting up EFT using your webpage. It did not work. I have spent 3 hours on the phone last week and 1 hour on the phone this week, and no one was able to help me out. I was told to using the secure message system to upload my EFT form. However, I am unable to upload files. The file I am uploading is only 700kb and should not be a size issue. I cannot use the account if I can not transfer funds into and out of it. I cannot get it working via the web page, and I can not get anyone on the phone to help me out, and the messaging system is not working. There are no offices around my area. What am I suppose to do?
The reps made the process super easy. they walked me through each step
The website design is better than the app. Some features did not appear or were awkward on the app, so I always used the website. The total gain/loss column is not explained anywhere, so it doesn\'t help with decisions about keeping money in a fund or moving it to another. Access to fund information is outstanding. You can get to it almost anywhere the fund appears.
The website provides a wealth of really helpful tools to manage your portfolio, as well as many resources for learning about different aspects of investing.
It is a convenient place to place my retirement money into where I can still have access to it and have the ability to use it to grow my income under a tax deferred basis.
I am VERY disappointed in my Fidelity. I opened a large account assuming I would get to participate in IPOs. To date, I have only been allocated 1 vs numerous requests.<br />Based on this, I am seriously thinking of closing my account
Since converting both my old 401(k) and ESOP accounts to separate IRA\'s, I have been pleased with both. Keeping them separate has allowed me to direct dividends differently and also name beneficiaries differently. I am very happy with both IRA accounts.
I like the many options Fidelity provides and the friendly, knowledgeable and responsive customer service.
Have enjoyed using Fidelity over the years and have always received great service and information.
Rolling over my employers 401 K to a IRA was so simple and the help that I received was second to none. Great Customer Service.
They do a Great Job and they are there for you when you need them.
Being new to this type of account, I am learning as I go along and will surely get better with practice. Information is good. Navigation of site sometimes a little confusing but that should become less as I use the site.
I find the Fidelity Rollover IRA to be secure and I feel that I have easy and convenient access wherever I am on whatever device I have at that time.
My only investment strategy is to put a bunch of money into one, or possibly many, market index funds. I can find those anywhere and the returns on any of them should be close to equal. I chose Fidelity because it was recommended by a friend. If I could go back 6 months I would definitely choose differently. I have tried for several months to roll my TSP over into my Rollover IRA and I have ran into nothing but hurdles and incompetence.
Has always provided excellent service. I do my research. when needed Rep. gets back to me fo guidance
Easy to manage, great selection of funds, very low cost options available
Navigation of the site is easy and the information is presented well.
I am very excited to retire with such a good company behind me and my money!
I view my relationship with fidelity, previously in a 401k and now in a brokerage rollover Ira, as one of the most fortunate things in my life.
Very Helpfull and provides great Service, Very help full Over the phone with any Questions And Help.
Very happy with the Rollover IRA from Fidelity. No negatives at all. My Fidelity rep made the entire rollover process simple and quick.
The Fidelity Brand represents trust. I believe that both the organization and all of its representatives embody this core value. Services and advise are given in the long term best interest of customers.
I\'m very happy that I converted my 401(k) to a Rollover IRA at Fidelity upon my retirement.
I have friends that have taken months to execute a rollover this just does not happen at Fidelity. Additionally, the fees are very reasonable. The only problem I do have is that if I place an order it is sometimes broken into multiple orders costing me additional fees.
I have another Fidelity IRA with a bank and I have to go in and sign for any transactions. This is so much easier for me. I love the convenience.
Have gone to the San Antonio office to begin receiving payment as your letter indicated before end of yr...I feel it has been over three weeks and no ck..I did receive a letter verifying I had gone in however no ck..I waste a lot of gas going to the office, so I must have other errands to justify that travel ...if u can email why no ck has been sent I would be grateful...I really don\'t want to pay the gov. 50percent!!!!!!!!! Will look forward to your response
Fidelity should provide a column on the account display screen that shows YTD performance up to the prior business day not 30 days ago.
Excellent customer service. Knowledgeable personnel and helpful
It is a convenient and secure place for my investments and I hope it continues to be so.
It also allows flexibility in investment products by offering non-Fidelity funds.
I enjoy doing bussness with fidelity , but you need an office in modesto, ca. there is alot of money here you are missing
I have enjoyed researching individual stocks and selecting companies in which I am interested. Selecting the stocks and watching their progress has actually increased my interest in the companies, the market, and the economy. The Fidelity process is easy to understand and follow.
the service that I have received from fidelity over the past 20 years has been more than I can ask of a financial company.I thank you
The Fidelity representative was very helpful. He made the arrangements for a rollover and partial disbursement of the account.
