Rollover was easy. But since then, have had no contact with advisor. I did have one in Seal Beach, CA. But he moved to Newport Beach, CA somewhere and he never notified me of the move or if he was still my advisor/agent. Not very professional.
Trying to get this set up and everything rolled into this account has been a nightmare.
What I don\'t like is not being able to see the true percentage gains or losses on my managed and my own managed accounts MINUS my withdrawls; meaning calculate my YTD petcentage gains or losses on the value of my picks, NOT, on the total sun dollar total in the account. I want to see my combined and your combined managed stock pick YTD percentages, mo., yearly, 3 yr., 5 yr., etc.
When my company ceased operations fidelity advisors help me and my wife roll-over our 401Ks into a Fidelity roll-over accounts. It was quick an easy.
Customer service is friendly, knowledgeable and able to answer all my questions this far.
It was very easy to take advantage of the Rollover IRA process and Fidelity has excellent knowledgeable representatives.
It was smooth transition from 401k to IRA rollover, with a Fidelity rep reaching out to me to initiate the discussion and eventual rollover. Excellent customer service, plenty of investment options, excellent funds and ETFs. The web interface is nice, but I wish there were more options on the positions tab. I like the Total gain/loss column and ability to sort via percentage, I just wish I could do the same with a YTD, 1YR and 3YR option. I wish this tab had more column options or the ability to edit, add/remove the columns I want or don\'t want.
Took a total of 15 minutes by phone. Outstanding customer support.
Managed well by the team. I have received excellent service
I received good service and advice at my 401K rollover. Both managers who were knowledgeable on Fidelity\'s service and fees.
The customer service is poor affecting the other areas as well.
Fidelity just helped me rollover my 401k and it took me 5 minutes! They walked me through everything and gave me all the info I need. They take care of the hardest part. Such a great experience!
Poor service...still has not resolved issues...no follow up
Was like pulling teeth to get it rolled over. I can invest it, but can\'t find any good help, so I am just letting it sit. As usual, service from Fidelity is very tedious.
Do love the web site though!
All good and its working for me, I can be as active as I choose or just let it ride.
I have had nothing but wonderful and professional experience! Would highly recommend too anyone!
I love dealing with Fidelity Investments they are very easy to understand.
Indepth knowledge of investment products is astounding. Very pleased.
We recently moved our retirement accounts to consolidate at Fidelity, and we couldn\'t be happier.
Great friendly service, great advice, as much personal control as one would want.
I am new to this (to date my first IRA) however I found the Fidelity representatives always helpful with clear and concise answers to my questions. 
Fidelity makes everything smooth for me. The convenience and customer service are excellent. I would definitely recommend them and have to others in the past.
Very easy to use, even for a novice like me. Which it was faster and more reliable but that probably has more to do with my cell phone.
I have always had courteous service...friendly and helpful...I was given good advice which included a complete explanation of process....good guidance when going into retirement, patient explanations in layman terms....so key for me because my knowledge base is rather limited, so it was so helpful to have procedures explained simply and completely.
consistent responsiveness to questions even if they are of a minor nature
Very satisfied with account from ease of site use to confidence in current funds.
My Fidelity representative did a good job by pointing out that the limited options in my former employer\'s 401(k) plan, though managed through Fidelity, were OK but not particularly great options. The one thing I wrestled with at that time over rolling into a Traditional IRA was the extra protection against creditors 401(k) offers. My representative pointed out that our family umbrella policy provided more that adequate protection, so I initiated the rollover which went smoothly.
When inquiring about my GM 401(k) account, I was advised that I had substantial after-tax contributions in my account. I was advised that I could roll them over to a Roth IRA if I also rolled-over the untaxed related earnings on all after-tax contributions. Therefore, I established a roll-over Roth IRA and a roll-over (tax-deferred) roll-over IRA. It was easy and quick with Fidelity.
Great help with the process of rollover of my IRA and also with the investment!!
The staff answers the phone and is very efficient at answering questions and transferring funds . They are very knowledgeable.
Easy to get and easy to use! All the information I need.
I have used Fidelity for my IRA since 1982been a. I now am located near a local office (Vero Beach FL) and find that to be a significant plus as I do get face to face professional care in addition to easy access to experts on the phone at any time. Fidelity has been an excellent service provider and as of earlier this year has been an account manager.
Everyone that I\'ve Worked with at Fidelity has been great to work with and very helpful!
I am not computer savy, so I am not too impressed with the web site. However, the service is excellent when I call or chat on line.
I like working with Fidelity. Everything is easy to find and review.
Not sure why this showed up for answering. All I know is what Fidelity tells/shows me per portfolio reports. Looks good but still just &quot;pie in the sky&quot; at this juncture of my life.
I was contacted by Fidelity when I left my previous employer. They suggested that I roll over my Fidelity 401k to a Fidelity IRA. I can\'t say for sure that it was the right or wrong thing to do however I can say that there are a lot of available choices and my IRA survived Brexit pretty well. The adviser assigned to me was very helpful although I haven\'t heard from them for a while.
the folks at Fidelity made the transition easy and understandable. Can\'t ask for more.
I rolled an early buyout pension into a Fidelity Rollover IRA. I couldn\'t be more pleased, with everything from the process of the rollover with the assistance from my Fidelity representative, to the variety of options in my investment portfolio. I have additional Fidelity accounts and am pleased with all of them, and particularly all of the tools that are offered to make me a more informed investor.
I am trying to process a rollover from my former employer\'s 401(k). When I go through Fidelity\'s Transfer of Assest, I am met with the following error:
System Error
I was a bit apprehensive when I needed to rollover my 401k but the Fidelity representatives have made the process amazingly simple. They gave been patient and helpful.
I also use Fidelity Active Trader Pro which I like very much except the account summary page in my regular Fidelity account is much better. Would it be possible to add or set-up this page in Fidelity Active Trader Pro?
Having had investment accounts and banking functions in separate institutions for my entire career, both have now been consolidated under the Fidelity umbrella. Fidelity\'s customer service, easy to navigate website, and its educational resources are all top-notch.
The rollover process was easy, the account has been managed well. I had to call a few times to ensure that the account didn\'t stay in a &quot;cash&quot; status and was actually invested into an account, but everyone was nice when I called.
The representative was helpful, considerate, and explained all the information thoroughly . and gave us information and options .We were asked our needs in handling investment and worked with us to reach our goals.
Fidelity needs to upgrade their scheduler. The scheduler needs to be able to know days of the week. Example: deposit my IRA dividends to my checking acct on the 2nd Wednesday. Currently the Fidelity scheduler can only use numeric calender days, example the 10th ( which may fall on a weekend ).
user friendly, easy process, customer service are good.
Your staff needs training. I signed up after seeing &quot;matching&quot; promo online. I discussed the promo with 3-4 Fidelity staff members and when it was time to get the match funds, I was told the offer had expired. Even though, the offer was still on the Fidelity website. When I questioned it, I was told I was not eligible. My eligibility should have been verified by Fidelity when I funded the account. I specifically asked each person I talked to about the promo. It was not very professional.
I love all of the investment options that the rollover provides. The website is easily navigable and very easy to manage.
Not being a super savvy to financial trends I like the ease of talking to customer service, having changes made and the ease of the whole process. I can log into account and check all transactions - again easy to use.
i am happy with my service. Customer service has been very helpful.
As a novice, I have received appropriate timelines information from the customer relations of the Fidelity.
I understand my IRA isn\'t very large but it is important to my retirement. Since depositing my check I have received zero followup. No one has offered any sort if investment advice. Instead, I get far too many emails promoting online services and webinars. I will be moving my small investment to another firm after the new year.
reliable but i still like to get my statements in the mail because it is easy for me to keep not a compuuter person but trying to get better at it
I can\'t enter contingency/conditional trades before the market opens.
Everything works really well compared to my experience with competitors. Fidelity has great visual tools and dashboards, and clicking on various tabs produces wonderful stock or bond analyses. Love the secure feeling I get from using VIP Access (the phone authentication process) and it\'s very easy to use. Whenever I talk to my account manager or someone in Customer Support, I feel I get excellent advice, am not rushed and am confident that I can execute my investments properly.
I recently transferred back a fair amount of money to Fidelity but did not receive<br />excellent customer service so I\'m debating whether I want to keep my money here. Had to make too many phone calls and some did not return my calls
I love Fidelity its easy to make any changes to my account
My retirement has been very good with the company. Good customer service and ready information available for you. Any thing you need to know they are knowledgeable and willing to listen.
I was disappointed I tried to switch between accounts to make changes is another account and made a purchase in the wrong account
The Fidelity website is among the least user-friendly and attractive that I have interacted with in the financial services industry. You don\'t want to spend time on it and getting information or making investment changes is just a pain.
Excellent service answers question would recommend services
Fidelity Investment is a very good investment company for me; people are so helpful and service is very prompt.
With Fidelity consultant\'s help, rollover my 401K to IRA is smoother and easier than I expected. The consultant explained the rollover procedure so well, it made me felt comfortable.
The help and advice I have received from Fidelity has always been top notch. The people are always very friendly and explain information to me that I may not understand
As of this date I have no issues with the company, Its simple to use, quick and clear. If I have any questions the staff is ready to help.
I am very satisfied with my Fidelity Accounts. I look forward to a bright future with Fidelity.
The transfer of her 401K account to the new Rollover IRA and maintaining the portfolio was extremely easy.
When accessing this site it is very reliable . Also if help is needed you many options to go to.
Easy to start with numerous choices of stocks and funds. Customer service was helpful in guiding my decision.
Using Fidelity for my IRA has been a low cost way of taking care of my IRA. The trading fees are reasonable, the research tools good and the customer service excellent. Most notable, being able to call and talk to someone about any aspect of the services is very well appreciated by me.
I enjoy being able to find everything I need in one succinct portfolio. It is easy to keep track of my money and tell how well it is or isn\'t performing for me.
I have had my IRA with Fidelity for less than 1 year. I had a tax-deferred annuity and rolled it into the Fidelity IRA as I was unable to fully understand it. My IRA is similar to my 401(k) but with more options.
All my previous calls have been handled professionally, as I would expect from an excellent investment company
Great Expectations, something that seems to be lacking from most companies anymore, but I have been very satisfied with Fidelity. I had my 401K with them, and they have met my expectations, and I decided to roll the 401K into an IRA with Fidelity.
I prefer to self manage and make my own investment decisions.
Simple, straightforward, good investment options, nice website, great customer service, what more can you ask for? Rolled over from my workplace 401k.
easy to set up. Everyone was extremely helpful. Great experience
My 401K was managed by Fidelity. I retired in 2008 and rolled over my 401 to a traditional IRA with Fidelity. I also had IRA\'s outside of my 401 as well as taxable accounts. Fidelity has been part of my financial life for many years. With rare exception, I have never had an issue with the account executive or Fidelity in general. In fact, they have been very helpful when I have to rearrange investments and guide me through it as needed. The account executive is not a financial advisor in the traditional sense but provides a huge service in discussing options.
I needed a place to put 401K funds that my former company have moved from Fidelity to a poorer-performing company. I met with a local representative who walked me through the process or creating a Rollover IRA account, and then transferring the funds. There are plenty of investment choices, and I selected a fund keyed to my estimated retirement date. Very cost-effective and easy.
I have multiple accounts and when calling in for questions, the agent was so helpful. She never once sighed or complained about all the questions. She was a pleasure to work with and made my day.
5 Star rating!! Excellent stock brokers there with Fidelity!
I have 2 IRAs with Fidelity that are self-directed. I chose the positions to invest in. Although I have an account manager, I only speak with him when I initiate the call. For my part, I can have such an arrangement with any investment house, so Fidelity offers nothing more.
On website doesn\'t really offer a lot of information and how to invest in other commodities.
A great choice!
I AM ABLE TO VIEW MY INFORMATION WITH EASY ACCESS AND NO PROBLEMS. IT IS A SECURE SITE AND VERY RELIABLE. I LIKE THAT THE INFORMATION IS EASY TO NAVIGATE THROUGH AND EASY TO UNDERSTAND. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH HAVING MY IRA WITH FIDELITY.
make it easier to find stocks and bonds held by the fund
Easy to contact if I need assistance with anything or have questions. Very friendly. Website easy to use &amp; understand.
Website is hard to navigate, poorly designed. While some good tools available, the trading tools are horrible.
Had a great experience rolling my IRA over to Fidelity. Their expert team made the entire process very easy and seamless. I would recommend Fidelity, for ALL products, to anyone and everyone. Thank you, Fidelity!
the best customer service ever. Never had a hassle and good recommendations
Helpfull with ways to accomplish your goals, withoutt pushing choices on you.
When my company was bought out I attempted to roll-over my 401K into a Fidelity IRA, hoping to keep my investments the same with the new account. I did not know the term &quot;in kind&quot; at the time and was not offered that. My customer service rep had never done this type transaction before and cashed my whole account out. Very disappointed I was not informed of my options during the transaction. I should have hung up and called back for a more experienced advisor when she had to put me on hold for instructions herself.
Fidelity has not disappointed me. Service and the results met my expectations from day one of being contacted by my representative.
had customer service help with the rollover. All went well. Later Fidelity even contacted me once they saw my investment stratagy and invested in a few better options for me. However the functions for balancing and removing funds was had to work with and required lots of math. They said they were working on changes and something may have happened in October, but I have not had a chance to review yet.<br />The GM 401K netbenefits was easier to work with.
Rolled over my funds to the IRA to cover my 401. Have received nothing but good information , and customer service. Wish my current employer used Fidelity.
I love my Fidelity Rollover IRA as it is well presented and easy to use and make transactions. It has all the features that I need to see results, performances and changes that I have made. It works really well for me.
Do you sell the names of your investors. Since moving my accounts, brokerage account have been calling me CONSTANTLY!
I\'ve used Fidelity for well over 20 years. They can be reached 24/7 for most questions. The website is regularly improved. I find Fidelity representatives extremely easy to work with, and accommodating. However, if you\'re looking for a portfolio manager to make decisions for you on what to buy/sell, that is not what they do (unless you pay for an actively managed account).Fidelity gives you every resource you could possibly need to research and make your own decisions.
I continue to tell Fidelity that I do NOT want to have them manage my funds but constantly get calls.
I have moved all my IRA and Roth IRA to a competitor. The trading platform and customer service is not in the same league as competitor platforms. When I wanted to make a trade in my Fidelity account I would go to a competitor\'s platform to determine the market price for a position before entering the order in Fidelity.
Too soon to have formed an opinion..Last investment firm was awful this one seems a lot better and easier to use,,Very happy so far
The transition for my retirement accounts from my employer to my rollover IRA couldn\'t have been easier. The assistance and advice for consolidating my accounts was excellent and the brokerage website and options for investing couldn\'t be better. I am 100% pleased with the services Fidelity offers.
Good summary of positions.
I just went thru the new layout and it is great. It tells me more in a much easier format. Very easy to find things. You and the team have done an outstanding job in making the updates that we have now.
The site is easy to use. I like all of the research options. The roll over I did on the phone was really easy to do. They helped me roll over an even older 401K into my new IRA. Fidelity made the process really easy.
Rollover went smooth and quick ...no problems! Would recommend.
Fidelity made it easy to roll over. Though it is annoying to get flagged for updating the financial advisory all the time.
The rep made it very easy for me to rely on Fidelity to keep distribution in a orderly and timely way.
I had been with Fidelity for 401-K, just rolled it over, easy to do.
I associated Fidelity with my first job in 1990.Ups &amp; down, able to expand the investment as fianancially accomodeted. Now in retirement, looking for Generation-wealth building.
I have been with other investment company ,finally I came to you and find out you are the best. Keep up the way you are doing.
Over the years my tax deferred accounts have been a bullwark for my finances since my early retirement 19 years ago.<br />Thank you very much
I have been happy with fidelity as a secure and reliable investment facility and have been using<br />your company for many years, and at this point<br />will continue to do so.
It gives you every available option there is to manage your account
I have been very pleased with my self-directed rollover IRA at Fidelity. I met with my investor center advisor to discuss my plan for a diversified fund selection, and he was supportive and had good insights when it came to slelecting between different funds in one of my targeted categories. I enjoyed using Fidelity\'s online analytical tools as I was exploring fund options for my targeted categories. Performance and service are what brings me back to Fidelity; I have invested with them since I entered college in the \'70\'s!
Have no issues with this IRA rollover account. Fidelity provides good &quot;food&quot;<br />for thought and on a timely basis
I am mostly satisfied with the IRA and information provided. However, I would like to see a running rate of return or a quarterly rate of return displayed online for my holdings.
Everything is excellent except I\'ve never talked face to face with a Fidelity employee. As I get older, I\'m less sure of my self and value face to face more.
I went into a Fidelity office to transfer an IRA account I held with another investment group to Fidelity. The clerk who greeted me asked me to fill out a qualification form. I explained to him that I already had an account and all I wanted to do was roll over the account into my existing Fidelity account. He refused to perform the action without me filling out the form. I looked at the form and it was asking for a lot of personal information including my current employer, my income, my net worth, and all of my financial holdings. I asked to see the manager. I explained to the manager that this detailed financial information was none of Fidelity\'s business, and all I wanted to do was roll over some existing money into Fidelity. He refused to perform the action without me filing out the form, so I left.
Fidelity personnel were professional and concise concerning the roll-over process.
You have &quot;Piece of Mind&quot; when you trade here , Fidelity has the resources to research your choice, to help you decide how to move forward to meet your goal
I like the rollover ira just fine. It does exactly what I want it to do.
I would have preferred to receive some proactive investment advice. I always get referred to the website, which I find to be overwhelming.
I\'m glad I finally rolled my old 401K over to the Fidelity IRA. I have more direct control of the funds, and many more investment choices. The Fidelity research is very helpful. Fees are very reasonable.
Fidelity is our life line. 30% of our money comes from our Fidelity account and the rest social security.
I don\'t seem to get any service from of for my Rollover IRA.
I am very pleased with the website, which is the only way I\'ve handled the Fidelty account. I can do changes, trades, and planning with very good supportive and secure web design and options.
Less than a month ago I retired (airline career) and contacted Fidelity about three months ago. They were very informative at that time and directed me to contact them when I actually retired. I have now reconnected this week over the phone and to speak with someone in person at a local Fidelity office. The two persons helping me were extremely informative and supportive, giving me choices with clear explanation and reassurance about options and allocations. I chose a rollover IRA and I will have future help from Fidelity regarding a buyout payment from my former employer. Again, I have full confidence that any and all questions have been and will be answered with future choices. Thanks Fidelity.
I recently rolled over my 401k into a IRA and the costumer service representative i dealt with was Michael K. he was very friendly and positive and helped me with everything from start to finish i was completely satisfied with his service and would recommend him to anybody in need of services through fidelity thank you for all of you help Mike.
I was very impressed at the ease of transferring my 401(k) into a Traditional IRA this last year. I would recommend Fidelity to anyone...
Was told I must take RMD since I am 73 yrs old.<br />Not if you are still employeed. Bad info.
Very straight forward to create Traditional IRA including beneficiary designation. Took about 20 minutes.
First: You cannot do this on your own; you must call and request a form that they will mail or charge you $20 for express mail.
Third, if consent from a spouse is needed, you need that signed and a notary public to stamp. Yes, it\'s officially not 2013 anymore, we\'ve regressed that far.
Fourth, they will put a short-term expiry on the distribution request. So now try and get spouse to sign in front of a notary in a short window and do that with 2 kids and both parents working and still waiting for form to arrive eats into that time.
My relationship account representive is very knowledgeable and knows my objectives. She reviews my allocation with those objctives in mind and keeps me on track. The volatility of the market urges me to be over-racting and she keeps me grounded on the goal.
I am happy with my rollovers, but was not aware<br />that if you roll them over, you can\'t take<br />early withdrawals at age 55 without penalties.<br />If money is left in 401K, you can.
Overall I am quite satisfied with Fidelity. Your transactions are executed with excellent speed &amp; statements are always accurate. I remember 1970: when we would sit in the brokerage office and watch the ticker tape, and place buy &amp; sell orders by phone. Back then we sometimes took possession of the stock certificates. The times &amp; processes have changed so much since, to the benefit of both institutions &amp; small investors
All of the important pieces are there. My biggest objection is the rounding errors caused by limiting amounts to three places after the decimal instead of four. I don\'t feel comfortable when the numbers don\'t add up the way they should.
It serves my purpose, without a lot of pushy marketing of products.
I really like the access to research tools and ideas. The website is very easy to navigate and trade costs are great.
I have no complaints and no suggestions so, please just continue as is.
I love all of the info that is on the Fidelity site. However, I would like to see more videos for us not so bright investors that don\'t really know what we are doing! Even though most of us try to make educated decisions a video for me is much more user friendly. If you would bring back classes into your local branches that would help as well.
When I first rolled my account over, my Fidelity rep was excellent in helping me with all the processes and forms, not only required by Fidelity, but also from my roll-from account, another large institution. He continued to help me through some investment choices, always being there to help, never pushing. I highly recommend Fidelity for their service-oriented culture. As a Customer Service executive myself, I set high standards and don\'t easily give such high marks! As for value, I have only been a customer for 1+ year. Too soon to evaluate.
Yesterday I wanted to move money from my Fidelity IRA to a Fidelity Time Warner 401k, a procedure I have done before. I was told that a form would be mailed to me in 1 week to 10 days, then after I had mailed the form back, I would be mailed a check which I would then mail to TW. The procedure would take several weeks, evidently.
The staff at Fidelity made the process of my rollover very easy. They were so helpful and kept me informed along the way.
The Fidelity rollover IRA is a good place to place for me to place the money from an old 401K plan. It offers me lots of investment choices including a good number of both Fidelity and non-Fidelity mutual funds or the ability to invest in individual stocks if I choose. This gives me plenty of options to suit my investment style.
From day one with the professional help I reieved at Fidelity in order to avoid any legal tax problems to the smooth transition to my current stage of MRD. The tools available for balancing my account as I have moved along the age spectrum have all been first class. I have recomended to family and friends that they could not beat the Rollover Services supplied by Fidelity.
Excellent website with multiple investing tools, good selection of mutual funds to choose from, very good customer support when needed
I like the occasional contacts with the people in King of Prussia, seminars, info over the web, personal calls.
Works for me - I would like the option to fund earlier in the year. Because I keep cash waiting to move to the other account and then invest. So the forced distribution at owners election date would be good.
I was impressed with the comprehensive retirement planning tools the website has. The account executive we have is real knowledgeable about the retirement planning process and drove down to a very low level of detail. Your location of offices is close to our home and that is very much appreciated. Very satisfied with overall product and customer service.
Account (one of several) was moved to Fidelity from a competitor who was not providing services I desired. Account was moved easily and I am very pleased with the service Fidelity provides. I expect my relationship with Fidelity to continue for a long time.
Very user friendly. buy/sell easy though I don\'t do often. Buy and sell mutual funds(some non-Fidelity), stocks and ETFs..
Outstanding customer service. Returns are up to individual risk. Overall, great people to deal with.
Keep you costs low and offer all financial options.
I am very satisfied with the IRA at Fidelity. I have plenty of investment options and the support of helpful associates to make sound decisions.
I utilize internet for most matters regardung my accounr, but do appreciate mailed monthly statements and hope the are not discontinued.
fine other than not being able to trade spreads. Dont see why it is limited.
I like the easy access from website and good support from executive account team
I need to involve my team at Fidelity more than I do now to achieve investments which involve energy and other emerging markets
Fidelity representative has provided detailed, timely information and met all timing obligations. His personality and professionalism make it easy to conduct business. The customer service team has been there to answer special questions regarding both the rollover and adding additional monies currently held at other locations. The rollover process was conducted seamlessly.
My conversion from the GM 401k to a Fidelity was good in that it provided more options. It was not so good in that I was cashed out from the preferred money market account and the institutional class of GM offerings.<br />The Fidelity people have been very good and responsive.
I have enjoyed my relationship with Fidelity for over 15 years total. I find the customer service to be excellent, knowledgeable people who are empowered to perform their duties or have the ability to immediately connect with the right person to get any transaction completed. I have enjoyed and benefitted from my meetings with our account reps over the years and try to meet in person at least twice per year. Again, very informed people with timely, helpful suggestions.
My Fidelity Rollover Account has many outstanding features that make it easy to manage and trade positions.
I need more communication with a live person. Got a couple calls in the beginnig and played voice mail tag.
Fidelity deposited my rollover check into the wrong account. After it was brought to their attention, they did an excellent job of correcting the error and following up.
I like the fact that I can easily talk to someone personally. Your staff are knowledgeable and professional always.
I am at a value and experience level that I am still looking for the sharp talented investment advisor who can truly help and support me in my financial journey. So far all I have found are individuals offering some type of anemic canned program at a yearly cost of 1 to 2% of my asset value. No value there.<br />Fidelity provides the systems and the tools to allow me to manage my investments at my pace.
Your company is probably the best on the market including all lines of business. Your employees are the best and knowledgeable. No problems on my part which goes back to 1980.
I like the online accessibility with my IRA, it\'s easy to access and understand. However, I do not have access to performance calculators (ie YTD, MTD, date range). I messaged a rep and they said it\'s only available to basically high net worth clients, which I\'m aware since I work for a wealth manager. I\'m able to see it in my 401K which is custodied by Fidelity\'s Net Benefits, but I would really like to see it in my regular IRA\'s as well. Can Fidelity make that happen for it\'s everyday average Joe clients as well?
rolling my IRA into a Fidelity account a number of years ago was easy and allowed me to invest it however I chose
Why is it that you can not offer a % reallocation scheme when we want to exchange funds in our IRA accounts. Your annuities offer it. Granted, they have a limited choice of funds available but, with computer systems and databases, that should not be an issue at all. As opposed to sell some $ amount and then distribute the amount across other or existing funds you want, offering % reallocation could be much more convenient.
I have been managing my account online and find the research tools easy to use. I have met with an adivisor in our local office and find him to be professional and helpful.
The reason I moved my investments was to gain greater personal control and flexibility. My company\'s 401K was rather limiting in selection and my self-directed IRA had the mutual funds that I desired.
cost seem low, info and guidance is great, and overall i\'m very satisfied
I interact with my fidelity advisor at least every 3-6 months to discuss my present investments and possible alternate directions. We also discuss the above as related to the federal and economic expected directions so as to optimize my portfolio.
We expected more than adequate service from Fidelity and they have reached our expectations. Contact has always been quick and questions handled courteously and competently. We will continue our association with Fidelity in the future.
I have had an Fidelity IRA for years and have had excellent service. I would like to go back to the original way of tracking position costs for mutual funds. Including dividends and interest as part of the cost in a tax free account does not reflect my true cost to judge performance. Other than that, this has been an excellent account.
As in other years,this years minimum required distribution was handled with minimum inconvenience to me.
All services provided to me were excellent. I don\'t have any improvement comment. Thank you and keep up with the good work.
Following regarding my IRA Account:<br />Greatly appreciate receiving a mailed statement for each distribution that was sent directly to various charities, at my direction. Also, appreciate having a &quot;brick &amp; mortar&quot; location near me.<br />Would like to have available a summary of distributions on 1 page of each distribution and who it was distributed to, by date during that year.<br />Appreciate the availability of Investment Research information.
I am exceptionally pleased with Fidelity\'s services. I recently changed account representatives and felt my former rep was much more responsive and involved in my account
I like that I have the freedom to review, change, buy, sell as I wish, but when I need help, a customer representative is always available. They are always very courteous and talk at a level that even the novilice understands.
Fidelity provides a great service. My account is easy to access and easy to make changes. The statements straightforward and easy to understand. There are many added features.
NO ONE THERE KNOWS WHAT THEY ARE DOING. AS SOON AS THINGS ARE SETTLED I AM MOVING ALL MY FUNDS TO ANOTHER COMPANY. LOST PAPERS, NO COMMUNICATION, HOLD TIME ON THE PHONE. I DON\'T HAVE ONE GOOD THING TO SAY ABOUT FIDELITY...
I\'d left some money in the 401K at my old job in Pensacola-- Fidelity representatives walked me through the process of lumping back into my present IRA... they made it real simple, sent me the forms and in about a week it was a done deal.
Our Fidelity Account Executive handled the entire conversion of a 403B to an IRA. She contacted the Fidelity central location for such conversions, our information was exchanged over the phone with the representative, and the transaction was completed in her office. It could not have been more convenient.
I find that my rollover IRA managed by Fidelity is secure<br />and I can obtain information at any time related to my accounts. I trust the information regarding stocks that Fidelity gives me. All of my money is still in the tax deferred status.
Fidelity website is easy to use, has real-time updates, easy to make trades at a good price. Moble app works well to keep me aware of changes in the market. Great tools to help me keep up with the changing markets.
I would like to give a portion of my equity for you all to manage but with inputs from me.
However you want total control.
very hard to navigate and advisers are not very knoweledgeable about any products.
I opened a Fidelity Rollover IRA specifically to transfer requirement monies from a previous employer to then be used to purchase a home. Prior to my beginning this three part transaction, I contacted Fidelity to determine the number of days and other requirements to complete the transactions. The close date for my home purchase was set based on this prediction.
When I went to have funds wiretransferred to the escroe company, I was told that the office would be open on Christmas Eve. I asked specifically and was assured that it would be open. It was not. This delayed me several days until the office reopened.
Fidelity needs to be more professional, and followthrough on customer requests.
Always helpful when I call. Easy to deal with.
i am very happy with fidelity. you have been very helpful with any issue\'s i have had.
Trades are expensive and the software is not the best. I will likely be switching to a lower cost brokerage. Also the interface isn\'t intuitive. Switching windows is a pain and it\'s not clear where things are. Again I\'ll probably be switching soon.
Communication lacking. You send me emails but I cannot email acct mgr to set up mtg or phone call.<br />Actually communication score is 2 of 5..
My overall experience with Fidelity is disappointing. First, the rollover of my 401K in 2011 from my last employer went reasonably well. Fidelity reps were very interested in assisting and promised reimbursement if I would use overnight transfer. This reimbursement did not occur even though I inquired about it several times. Then, I suppose due to the amount in my account, Fidelity assigned a Premium Services rep. I then received numerous and frequent phone calls and emails pressuring me to invest in equities and bonds. When my husband and I decided to move this account because Fidelity money market funds are not insured, we met resistance. I understand followup to find out why an investor would leave, however we did not expect delay tactics. After speaking with Fidelity reps, the transfer form we received was incorrect. Then, we executed a signature guarantee transfer request, this too was denied, directly to our receiving financial institution. Only after more phone calls to Fidelity and a Letter of Acceptance from our financial institution was my IRA transfer effected. Then, it appears that a $50 charge was applied. My husband still has his account for Fidelity for the time being, however, we expected better treatment than this. Deloris Jacobs.
I like the easy to use research and analysis features.
This is new to me, so I didn\'t know what to expect. So far, my experience has been excellent as far as the service I was given going in, and now the management ability I have online.
The convenience and website functions make up for it.
I use several trading platforms. I find that Fidelity provides better and more intuitive asset comparisons that the other platforms. There are a few things that could be improved, of course, but overall a good platform.<br />I have also been impressed with Fidelity portfolio planning tools.
Generally everything went OK, Rolling over a 401K plan with Fidelity to an IRA (also with Fidelity).<br />Rolling over a plan from one institution to another will take at least few days and often requires liquidating the assets of the original plan even between similar plans. At times of high market volatility, there is a risk element for those long term investors. Furthermore, investment vehicles in the original plan are not necessarily offered in the roll over plan (even within the same institution). Rolling over within the same institution should mitigate those risk factors.<br />My experience with this particular roll over was mixed. I still had to liquidate practically all my assets going from the 401K plan to the IRA, even investments in Fidelity own Mutual Funds (and for good reasons). But because the roll over was partically overnight, the risk was kept at a minumum.
Overall, good, but lacks a YTD summary, the way other Fidelity accounts have.
It\'s easy to use. Loads quickly and is easy to navigate!
Ease of transfer is very good. I\'d like to have an agent call me to discuss the products that I can invest my IRA. My IRA is currently sitting idle and I need to invest it.
Everyone was very helpful to me that made this transaction so easy. I am proud to part of Fidelity.
Everything has been fine with Fidelity. Especially appreciate the main website and how I can easily find everything about my account status.<br />Thanks, Jennifer
Like Fidelity for its low costs which is a must for me as a investor. Good managers on most funds. But I miss the INVESTORS QUARTERLY that we use to get, had many interesting articles in it. Can we get it back?
I find the UI for Fidelity.com to be somewhat cumbersome and confusing, and the menu selections unintuitive.
Cust service is as good as it has to be.
If you have an account in excess of 250,000 active trader pro should be part of the package.
I\'ve had a Rollover IRA with Fidelity for over 10 years. Their reps have always been courteous and helpful. Excellent service and I have no complaints.
no problems. no problems. no problems. no problems
This has completely satisfied my needs in handling my Rollover IRA.
I LIKE THE IDEA OF HAVING ACCESS TO MY MONEY WHEN I WANT IT, YET KNOWING IT IS STILL WORKING AND IS SAFE.BEING ABLE TO GET TO MY MONEY IN A DAY OR TWO IS A GREAT CONVIENCE FOR ME.
I have several IRA\'s, and my Fidelity IRA is by far the most informative, and easy to read of the whole group. I can not only tell what changes occur on a daily basis, but I can keep track of the longer term progress, all on one easy to read page. Keep up the good work.
I have been with Fidelity for over 30 years. Although I have two other brokerage accounts. My Fidelity account is my favorite.
