The rollover went smooth. There are hoops to jump through mostly in the plan I was moving out of. You seemed to be able to handle them.
Very reliable and i can always depend on accuracy.
It was OK to use. Nothing great, but have nothing to really compare it to
I have IRA, brokerage account, credit account, and a Roth all in one convenient location. It is simple and has a great interface.
I\'ve never used fidelity until I found out I had money invested in it, so I find it is amazing I will let it be known
Very satisfied with the rollover IRA process. I felt I was well informed of my options prior to processing my rollover. Also had great contact thru out the process, making it less stressful for me.
The Rollover IRA gives me a way to select investments and allocate funds as I wish. Moving the funds between investments is easy. There are many many funds to choose from in meeting ones investment objectives.
Fidelity made it quick and easy to roll over my AT&amp;T pension to an IRA.
Great Service and Website! Great Service and Website!
I am very satisfied with the service i am given and the professional advise .<br /> Thank You
Access to trade, review the status of, perform research for my IRA is exceptional. The trading pages are easy to use and trade execution is extremely fast.
When my company got acquired and I was faced with rolling my money over to another institution, I was unsure of what to do. I liked the service at Fidelity and after talking with the other institution about rolling my money into their 401K, I was not impressed. They were very basic and uncaring. I chose instead to roll my money into a Fidelity IRA. Not knowing what to do with it, I let it sit a while, then called Fidelity for advice. I was given options by some of the most patient and mild mannered people. I really appreciated their concern. I got the education I needed to make an informed decision about my money and feel good about it. Kudos!!
I opened my rollover IRA account with Fidelity for almost 6 months. So far I received excellent advice and support from my personal financial consultant. He has been very helpful and patient in answering my questions during our scheduled meetings. I also got my personal Retirement Analysis and Social Security Analysis and Strategy reports from him in a timely manner. I was with several other financial companies and Fidelitiy has provided me the best customer support.
The people at Fidelity have been extremely helpful and answered all my questions
always helps when I need it and they are easy to get hold of.
Solid Company for retirement and 401k solutions. Great Technology and easy to use.
This is what I don\'t like. I trade options.<br />It doesn\'t tell me when earnings will be easily.
I entered ira during worst market time the past 10 years
Trying to reach a representative takes 30\' of waiting on the phone.
Since rolling over my account from a 401k, I have had no contact with anyone from Fidelity. There appears to be no initiative on their part to evaluate performance and develop a plan.<br />I would not recommend Fidelity to anyone.
Fidelity Reps provided outstanding customer service and support during the rollover of my old 401K. They answered any questions and even checked my new employer 401K to ensure future transactions were possible.
My financial consultant has help me tremendously in managing my 401K rollover from my previous employers and consolidate all into great funds at Fidelity. Tools for helping in evaluating and planning my retirement have been great!<br />What can you ask more for this great service!
Fidelity has bent over backwards to help me rollover a pension buyout and an old 401k into an IRA. I have nothing but praise and appreciation for all the help I have received from their courteous staff.
Once walked through the ways to trade stocks and look up investment grade information, the process is very convenient. Access to recent research on companies and industry trends is also useful. The research compliments additional sources of investment and market information.
Everything was easy however it wasn\'t clear to me what the funds would be invested in.
The Fidelity rollover coordinator insured the process was convenient, quick and accurate. Applying net unrealized appreciation basis to company stock saved tax dollars.
Although the rollover took some coordination from the previous holder the transition was relatively painless
I have been very satisfied with my 401K Rollover, I gained the flexibility to trade securities, which Is what I wanted to achieve.
i have tried to move other money to fidelity but my agent or contact person well never respond back to me.he was suppose to call me back on a question i asked him on 12/17/14 and have not heard a word from him.
I like that I have more acces to my account and the help that is available for me when I have questions.
I found a poor response in getting basic guidance from the two different advisors that I contacted.<br />Extremely long follow up to calls and long waits for appointments to discuss my accounts.
I met with a Fidelity representative in their DC office and she was able to walk my through the steps that would be involved with my rollover. It was professional and the process was simple. Plenty of investment options for me to choose from.
Have had my rollover with FIdelity for almost 14 years. Started letting FIdelity manage investments of same, however in 2001 took over and self managed. While my trading level is modest I find the process of trading easy and economical. I also use FIdelity for automatic withdrawals and last of all I feel my portfolio is safe.
Ease of conversion from 401k to IRA was impressive. The flexibility of investment choices is great. User friendly transactions through my account are appreciated.
I have had accounts with Fidelity on/off for the last 25 years. They have come a long way from demanding a notarized statement just to get MY funds released. It has been wonderful to see the increased level of knowledge and assistance over the years
I like the support systems very much and have no suggestions for improvement.
Thanks!
I have a wide range of choices in funds and ETF\'s at very low costs. I also have the convenience of making transactions and analysis using the internet.
For the most part I am very happy with rolling over our IRA\'s and 401-ks to Fidelity.<br />I am extremely pleased with the customer service and the two account representatives we have had.<br />I have in the past in responding to surveys pointed out that I would love to have a report that would allow me to see what my dividend rate is for dividend stocks we have in our portfolio based on our acquisition costs and the current dividend (whether dividend is the same as when stock originally purchased, or whether the dividend has gone up or down since purchase.) Such a report would take a lot of tracking off my shoulders and would be invaluable to those of us who purchase dividend stocks. For example if a dividend is reduced the return could go from 10% to 7% based upon the original purchase price of the stock. But based upon the underlying strength of the company a 7% return still might be worth sticking with.<br />In any case this is the third time I have mentioned this with out any followup from Fidelity.<br />I however will take responsibility for not following up with customer service about this.<br />Over all this would not cause me to leave Fidelity.
MAKE IT EASIER TO RESEARCH DETAILS ABOUT LONG AGO STOCK EXECUTIONS:<br />UNLESS I DO NOT DO IT CORRECTLY.<br />I USE TRADE SEARCH FUNCTION AND IT DOESN\'T SHOW ME STOCK DETAILS OF WHAT I DID...
I trust the Fidelity programs and my IRA is my source of future money to live on
Just wanted to roll my money out of this account and you would not believe all the hoops I had to jump through to accomplish this, not to mention the pointless 50 minute phone call that simply wasted my time. Don\'t call and ask a customer service rep to help you because they clearly cannot, although they were polite. That is the best thing I have to say about the whole experience
Would like to see YTD rate of return updated daily.
Lost to follow-up. Trying too hard to get me switched into an account with fees
I have always been impressed with the customer service I have received when I have called with a question or issue. I have also been in the Braintree and Boston (Financial District) Offices and received excellent service there also.
Thanks for making this easy and simple to do. One simple discussion and the transaction was done.
Customer service is always great and the people are so nice to me each time call and has always had an answer to my question.
Could use some help regarding conversion to a Roth IRA.
I can say that the service is convenient. I can look at my account whenever I please. Customer service is very helpful in trying to answer questions and concerns. Offering information on other services is continual. Receiving e-mails on updates offered is excellent. Keeping in touch with customers increases confidence in the company.
I like all the stock and funds research information that you can obtain for free.
Would like a scheme say 50K managed but with inputs from customer.
I completed the paperwork for the transfer, which I was assured would go out that day. It did not. The next day I went in and talked to an officer, who assured me that it would go out the next day. Again, it did not. He had not followed through with calling the central wire transfering location to assure that everything would go through as required. This officer didn\'t even do me the courtesy of contacting me about the additional delay. He had a co-worker do that.
Your site is full of ifo but is a little cumbersome to navigate. I sometimes go to yahoo fin. just for convenience. You asked, so there it is.
I like the ease of transferring money into the account. I wish there was more guidance on what I should do with my money though. I had to pick and choose my own areas to invest and I would have liked a phone call to give some advise on where to invest.
Online guidance is very good but recommended changes are made without reason for recommendations. Would like to have some guidance as to why changes are being recommended before proceeding with plan.
Haven\'t had any issues myself but the Tampa office could use some senitiviity (sp) training. Not the lad at the reception desk but some of the back office types.
i very much like the convenience, the ability to look up a fund or stock and read about it as the market is happening, you guys put alot of work into research and provide the tools to work with
